Oh my god, this is so sick.
>> They were very clearly trying to scare
me and then play. We're just kidding.
Everything is like just messing around.
And it sounds insane that people could
live for 30,000 years, but it doesn't.
Here's why it doesn't.
There's real evidence that there's
structures under the pyramids that might
go as deep as 2 km
>> that look like an energy grid
>> with columns and coils around the
columns and like
>> what
everybody who studies this says the
cherry on top are the pyramids, but it's
really this underground city that
they're studying. There's a 40 meter
object that's in that labyrinth that's
in some vast corridor that's metallic.
It's a UFO.
>> And now we have three-fingered mummies
in Peru.
>> We might have actual evidence that
there's another species that shares this
planet with us. The same problem that we
have with UAP disclosure is the same
problem you have with the Epstein files.
Who do you think runs our government?
Nixon apparently had been saying, "I
know who killed JFK and I know why they
did it."
>> And then you have people like Elon Musk
on who are they run SpaceX. You would
think he would be completely privy to
all of our UFO secrets.
>> He's a sly dog. So he's my homie, but
he's a sly dog.
>> If he was debating like in a room with
David Grush on your show,
>> the CIA guy was like, "Look at the Grush
stuff. Quantum and AI. Do you think
there's something happening where all
these trends are converging now
simultaneously and it's not a
coincidence
>> when we achieve sensience with
artificial general super intelligence
that is the legitimate gateway to the
cosmos. And if you really want to get
weird that might be how God gets formed.
Like God might be a real thing. That
might be how God gets formed. And that
might be the whole reason why human
beings have curiosity and this
insatiable desire for technological
innovation.
Jesus was born out of a virgin mother.
>> What's more virgin than a computer?
This is beyond surreal. I've had some
surreal moments on this show, but I
think this tops them all. Um Joe, I
really appreciate you being here, man.
Uh, I I don't think I would have a show
if it weren't for the thousands of hours
of insights I've ganed from your show.
And you don't have to do this and you do
stuff like this all the time. And it
just means so much to me that you're
here. So, I I really really appreciate
you.
>> Well, it's my pleasure. I I really love
your show. So, it's exciting for me to
be here.
>> Means a lot, man. Well, um I want to
actually start with you had a dream. Uh
>> and this was a few weeks ago. You had
Brett Weinstein on great evolutionary
biologist and you started off the
episode with this trippy dream you had.
You want to describe it?
>> It was the weirdest dream I've ever had
in my life cuz it was the most realistic
dream and is the only dream that I can
ever remember. I sleep really well. Like
I'm one of those guys. I can go to sleep
on a pile of rocks. I can always sleep.
It drives my wife crazy cuz she has a
hard time sleeping and I could just con
out. I could not go back to sleep. It's
the only dream I can remember that I
couldn't go back to sleep. I don't think
I've ever had that happen to me before.
Well, I woke up at like 3:00 in the
morning or whatever it was. And I was
like, I'm I'm up now. Like, there's no
way. I laid in bed, I think, for like an
hour and then I just went to the gym. I
was like, there's no way I'm going back
to sleep. It was very strange. It was
very strange cuz it it was like, what is
this? It wasn't like a regular dream
where like, oh, you're dreaming. It
seems like vague and weird and kind of
um you know opaque.
It was vivid.
>> It was very strange.
>> And there was these very slender,
tall humanlike
things that were talking to me. They
weren't gray. They were kind of like
pinkish like us. They were, you know,
like Caucasian looking creatures.
But they were messing with me like they
they scared me and they like we're just
playing around and and so they were
doing some there was some weird kind of
communication
telling me to relax
and um the environment was very
different too. It was very vivid. It was
like some sort of a corridor but it
didn't seem normal. It seemed
>> very strange. Like I remember the walls
were lit very weird. And I also remember
that there was some sort of water and
reptilian element to this. Like they
were letting me know like almost like
they had barriers that were very sloppy
that were keeping these things out, but
they were doing their best. They they
had people or beings like monitoring the
and feeding these things and keeping
them out. And I was like, what what is
going on here? And it's like, is this
telling me that they're doing their best
to keep something from getting to us,
but that it's not that secure? That it's
kind of precarious and a lot more
unstable than we would like to think it
is.
>> I don't know what that was all about.
That was a That part of it was really
weird.
That part of it was more dreamlike, but
the communication with them and the
interaction with them was very, very
vivid. It was really strange. They had
larger eyes than a normal human and a
larger head, but not crazy like not like
a a gray from Close Encounters of the
Third Kind.
>> Um, kind of a little bit like that guy
up there.
>> Oh, interesting. Not not quite so big,
but like a large head with a very small
jaw
>> and larger eyes than normal. But they
were smiling. God, I can't remember if
they had teeth. I think they had teeth.
I can't remember.
>> Does any part of you think this actually
happened or do you think it was just a
dream? Wow.
>> You know, I don't want to be that guy
that like, oh, I know it was real cuz I
don't. I was dreaming. I was sleeping.
>> But it was the most vivid dream I've
ever had in my life. I was telling you
outside you're wearing this epic Betty
and Barney Hill.
>> Oh jeez.
>> Oh jeez. First abductees 1961.
>> No, I know his granddaughter.
>> Yeah, she Angela Hill, right? She's UFC
fighter.
>> Yeah. So cool.
>> Crazy.
>> What does she say?
>> She did my podcast and didn't tell me
until after the podcast was over.
>> You don't tell Joe Rogan grandfather was
Barney Hill. I was like, "No, that's
mad. That's so crazy."
>> Did you not say let's go back in record?
>> No, it was already too late. They
wrapped it up and everything.
>> I should have though. I should have.
>> You got to have her back.
>> Yeah, I should have. I should have done
it then. Then
>> that is wild.
>> Looking back, that was a mistake.
>> Well, I thought cuz you wore this, I
think, on the Gavin Debecker episode,
which is a crazy episode. Every
everybody should go watch this episode.
This guy protects like the most
important people in the world. Yeah.
>> And he's going through all these crazy
CIA conspiracies.
basically talks about Fouch's role in
the AIDS epidemic as kind of analogous
to what he did around CO a lot of the
the you know the being kind of the same
>> very same very similar
>> and you're hearing it from this guy who
like protects incredibly important
people does risk assessments for these
you know massive events
>> wild
>> yeah very wild yeah but yeah he didn't
know what this was
>> I thought you were maybe I thought you
were maybe signaling to the audience
like maybe I got abducted or something I
I don't think I got abducted. Um, I
don't even know if I got contacted. It
just might have been the craziest dream.
And to me, because I'm so into the whole
UAP, UFO alien phenomenon that maybe,
you know, maybe it was just very vivid
because of that.
>> It's just very odd for me to not be able
to go back to sleep. That never happens.
>> I can sleep no matter what.
>> It's weird. Well, so whatever it was, it
had kind of a disproportionate impact on
your psyche. Like it was it was a big
part of your subconscious.
>> It was
it was tangible. It was it was like when
I woke up, I was like, "What was that?"
It wasn't like a wa that dream was
which I've had before. I had
last night. I had a crazy dream last
night, but it was normal dream. It was
just I got up to pee and I was like,
"What the hell was that?" I went right
back to bed. this. I was not going to
sleep, man. I laid in bed for a full
hour just trying to go to sleep and then
I said, "All right, I'm up. Let's just
go to the gym." And I'm in the gym and
um trying to decide cuz I knew I had
Brett Weinstein on the podcast and I was
like, "I have to just say this
immediately like because we're going to
get into so many different subjects.
There's no way I'm going to work this
in." like I just have to get to this
right away because it I just had to sort
of document it while it was only a few
hours old while it was fresh.
>> And some dreams are like you wake up
from them and you're like still in the
dream a little bit. You have to like
kind of get it. There's something
cathartic about retelling it or
something.
>> Yeah. Yeah. It was weird, man. I don't
know what it was.
>> You said you thought they were beings
from the future. Maybe
>> that's what if I had to guess like what
they are, they seemed like what we will
be,
you know, like we are as time goes on,
uh, you know, if you look at ancient
hominids versus modern humans, our heads
are larger, our bodies are smaller,
they're more slender, there's no need
for muscle, there's no need to
physically move things. These these
things seem very slim. They seemed very
slim and um God I I I want to say they
had they weren't naked, right? But they
had like some sort of a suit on, but
they were very genderless.
>> Like there was no defining that's a boy,
that one's a girl. There was none of
that,
>> which feels like where humanity is kind
of headed.
>> Yeah. Which I, you know, look, I like
being a man and I like women. I think
they're fun. You know, I like I like the
contrast. still like this. It's fun
having a variety of different kinds of
people,
>> but it causes problems, right? Because
we have these procreation
reproduction instincts. Uh we have
primate instincts to be tribal, to uh
acquire resources, to, you know, to
dominate and to to be untrustful of
others. There's a lot of stuff that's it
makes being a human kind of cool because
out of that you get art and you get
incredible history and like amazing
architecture and all these things but
>> it also there's it's a fork in the road
like that is the kind of the bottleneck
as a human being is our natural
biological reproduction.
>> Yes. Yes. And because it it it lends
itself to all these things that you see
like when bears fight over, you know, a
breeding female or when, you know, when
you hear see deers clash antlers
together, like what are they doing?
They're battling over who gets to breed.
>> Totally. I think that's a lot of what
humans do. And we do it in weird ways.
Like we acquire immense amounts of
financial wealth or, you know, the
fanciest watch and the fanciest car and
you try to look like someone who someone
would want to mate with. And that's
really all it is is like men and women
want to be desired by the opposite sex
or the same sex if that's what you're
into. But it's that that procreation
thing is what fuels a lot of our
and a lot of our inability to
get along. A lot of conflict and a lot I
mean a lot of acquiring resources
through horrific and barbaric ways and
dominating countries and invading.
That's what it's all about. But it's all
it's a lot of it is just about breeding
>> and it's it's it is that like limbic
reptilian part of ourselves that does
that. And so I wonder, not to like do a
full yungian analysis of this dream, but
it's like they're holding these
reptilians at at bay in the water or
something and maybe there's something.
>> It seemed very symbolic what whatever it
was cuz it was the only part of the
dream that was kind of vague
>> like they were kind of like crocodiles
or something, but it was weird like they
were feeding them, but they had like
flimsy barriers in front of these things
to keep and they were like keeping them.
It was almost like letting me know like
this is re you're really close to
getting up and we are we're doing
our best to stop this from happening.
But it was that's just me reading into
it. But whatever whatever it was, they
were very clearly trying to scare me and
then play. We're just kidding.
Everything is like just messing around.
There was a couple of those moments
where I was like, "Okay, what are you
trying to do? Are you trying to get me
accustomed to interacting with you?
Yeah.
>> Like what is this? Because I was very
weirded out.
>> And I think they they're whatever they
were wearing cuz I think they were
wearing something
>> but they were like I said they were very
genderless.
>> Whatever they were wearing was the same
color as their skin. So it was strange.
>> You've been asked a lot about your
childhood. Everybody knows you were four
years in a row taekwond do champion.
That discipline brought you to where you
are today in many ways. Everybody knows
you're UF UFO obsessed now.
>> Yeah.
>> Was there a moment in childhood where
you kind of got alien pill or saw
something or
>> No, unfortunately I never saw anything.
>> I wish I kind of thought I did maybe
when I was young, but I think it was
probably a fighter jet. Um, when
the from the time I was little, I would
look up at the stars and I would just
think, well, clearly this can't be the
only planet that has life on it. Like,
that doesn't even make any sense. And
then, you know, going to school and you
learned out how many hundreds of
billions of galaxies there are. You're
like, okay, and how many hundreds of
billions of stars there are in those
galaxy and how many planets there must
be. Like, for sure there's something
else out here. Like, would they be
interested in us? Would they visit? And
you know then I got really into Project
Blue Book and I read a lot of the stuff
on Jay Allen Heinik and you know and all
the Philip Corso stuff and the stuff
from Roswell and I just became obsessed
with reading and watching whatever
flimsy documentaries were available back
then, you know. And then I think I
really got back because I was always on
the fence like, "Oh, this is nonsense.
This is real. This is not it's not
helping me. Let me just go about my
life." And then really Jeremy Corbel's
uh Roswell um excuse me um uh Area 51
Bob Lazar documentary is what really
brought me back in.
>> Yeah. And that ended up being one of
your most iconic episodes. I believe
it's like your second or third highest
>> It might be the highest one on YouTube.
I think it has like 63 million views on
YouTube.
>> That's so crazy.
>> That one's nuts. That That one's nuts.
Especially considering from that
interview which was uh what was that 20
maybe 18 or something like that whatever
it was more and more has come out that
substantiates what he said and confirms
a lot of the stuff that he was talking
about in the 1980s in in terms of the
design of these crafts, how they
manipulate gravity around them and how
they move through space with a very
strange propulsion system. And that's
what we're hearing over and over again
now from these whistleblowers and from
these people like Hal Putoff and all
these people that allegedly have
information about these back engineering
programs that that this is what he's
saying is very accurate. And it's almost
like you broke the most gnarly story
there was and a lot of these kind of
people who are now on the forefront of
disclosure trying to play catchup in
some ways because you have a guy who's
claiming to have reverse engineered
craft firsthand.
>> Yeah.
>> And now you have people you know saying
you know we do have biologics we have
you know you have David Grush giving 40
firsthand you know whistleblowers to the
inspector general of the intelligence
community Thomas Mannheim. He says it's
urgent, incredible. It's this crazy sort
of ground swell. But in many ways, we're
playing catch-up to this guy who was
like there at Area 51 in the 80s.
>> You know, they've tried to discredit him
in many different ways. They tried to
say, first of all, they tried to say
that he never worked at Los Alamos, but
that's been confirmed. And then they
tried to say that he was never at Area
S4 or Area 51 site 4, but he was there
and he knew it. He knew the layout. He
knew people that worked there. People
that did work there also confirmed that
he worked there. Originally I told you
uh you know when I worked there I was on
the front page of the the paper so they
were still able to archive you know
bring bring that back from the archives
and you know Bob Lazar a physicist
working here at Los Alamo so there was
at least something there but uh somehow
George came up with the the phone
directory
>> and then George then Bob took George
with cameras into Los Alamos.
>> Oh yeah. Yeah. So we flew out there and
I said look come on in. I'll show you
where I worked. We'll go in. We'll meet
people and George went with me.
>> Janet Airlines, which takes you back and
forth between Vegas and Area 51. Area 51
wasn't even really in the public
zeitgeist until he came out with it.
>> It actually wasn't even confirmed until
the Obama administration cuz the Obama
administration, they wanted to expand
the barriers for entry or where people
were allowed to access the land because
too many people were getting to
nonsecure land and taking video. So they
were filming and taking photographs
allegedly of these crafts and so they
wanted to make it a little bit wider and
so they had to confirm that it existed.
>> So wild. I think we're going to So
there's a a buddy of mine's making a
documentary with Bob Lazar. It's called
Project Gravitar
>> and I think we're going to get a lot
more confirmation and data points that
corroborates his story or interview of
him. I think we're going to find out
that S4 is very real, too. And that's
been denied up until today. Well, we do
have satellite images of S4, do we?
>> I believe so.
>> I believe there's images of the land
itself and you can
>> underground,
>> but yeah, but there's the outside of it
where the hangers are.
>> I'm pretty sure you could actually get
it online.
>> Okay,
>> it might be I'm pretty sure
there is an overhead like where you
could see, oh, there's something there.
>> Okay. Well, so okay, if it's the same
thing I'm thinking of, then he he has
that data, but it's like stuff they
tried to cover up on Google Earth.
>> Oh, really?
>> Yeah. It's like that Point Doom alien
base that they erased or
Yeah, that is weird.
>> Weird.
>> That's so weird because they blurred out
the ground.
>> Yep.
>> In the water.
>> I hope everyone's enjoying what is
certainly one of the most legendary
American Alchemy episodes yet, featuring
the one and only Joe Rogan. For an
episode like this, I wanted to work with
one of my favorite products as a
sponsor. I'm of course talking about
Ketone IQ. I personally don't drink
caffeine. I don't do nicotine, and I
don't really do that well with most
stimulants. Ketone IQ is one of the few
things I do that provides me with
insanely steady energy, clear focus,
zero jitters, and zero crash. Why is it
so effective? Because ketone IQ gives
your brain ketones, which are its most
efficient fuel source. It was actually
originally developed through a
multi-million dollar military program
for high stress environments. And now
it's used by founders, researchers, and
people who need their mind to function
when it matters most. This product is
also very close to my heart because I've
known the founders of Ketone IQ, Jeff
and Michael, for over a decade. Both of
these guys are extremely smart and rock
solid. They've tried all the top
supplements and all of the best
biohacks. Since trying it, I've been
absolutely hooked. It's truly one of the
cleanest energy sources I've tried. No
ups, no downs, no jitters, no crash at
the end. So, before you jump back into
this epic episode, visit
ketone.com/alchemy
for 30% off your subscription order,
plus receive a free gift with your
second shipment. Again, that's
ketone.com/alchemy
for a 30% discount. Or you can find
Ketone IQ at Target stores nationwide
and get your first shot free. Seriously,
this stuff works. I love it and it's
been an absolute gamecher for me. Thanks
again to Ketone IQ for sponsoring
today's historic episode with Joe Rogan.
On this show, we talk about advanced
exotic technology. But the most advanced
system you'll ever deal with is your own
body, your own biology. And the older
you get, the slower your body responds.
It's not broken, it's just a bit laggy.
That's where stem cells come in. They're
basically your built-in repair crew. And
as we age, the signals your stem cells
send get weaker. Qualia stem cell is
designed to support those natural repair
processes. They use wellressearched
ingredients like seab buckthornne and
royal jelly that help your body do what
it's already trying to do. What I like
is how dead simple it is. You take it 4
days a month. That's it. No 40 pill
stack, no daily commitment, just four
focused days to support recovery and
healthy aging. So, if you've ever felt
like your body just doesn't bounce back
like it used to, whether it's after a
tough workout, getting sick or just the
wear and tear of life, this product is
for you. Qualia Stem Cell was designed
to support your body's natural repair
systems, helping you heal, recover, and
keep going strong. And right now, you
can try it for up to 50% off at
qualia.com/jesse.
Again, that is 50% off at
And here's a bonus. Use the code Jesse.
Jes s for an additional 15% off that
order. That's at qualia.com/jesse.
Your body is built to repair itself.
Qualia just helps it do that better. A
big thanks to Qualia for sponsoring this
video. I had Dan Farah on the podcast
yesterday.
>> How was that?
>> It was great. For people who don't know,
Dan made this new documentary, The Age
of Disclosure, which is excellent. It's
one of the very best documentaries on
the whole UAP UFO phenomenon that I
think I've ever seen. And there's no
real footage in it. maybe a couple
minutes of footage of like the go fast
or the gimbal, but really most of what
it's about is highlevel intelligence
operatives explaining what they know and
what
>> extremely high level people like Woolsey
and James Clapper like these guys who
are like DNI level like overseeing all
of the intel agencies
Brennan you know all these people and
>> and Marco Rubio to his credit I think
him his involvement was huge you you
know, because it's the current
administration, his involvement and his
urgency.
>> Schumer, Rubio, all those guys are like,
"Look, a bunch of freaking highle
>> Yeah.
>> officers came to us and either they're
crazy or this shit's real."
>> Most of these people at some point or
maybe even currently have held very high
clearances and high positions within our
government.
>> So, this is one of the things that Dan
and I talked about. He firmly believes
that both the United States and China
has retrieved these crashed vehicles and
that they are also in this back
engineering program. They're in a back
engineering program of their own and
there is a race
>> and he's he you know people talk about
it like it's the Manhattan project on
steroids but I've heard that about AI
too, right?
>> But which but might also be true and
they might also be connected in some
way. Um, I think what Rubio is concerned
with is that China develops this
technology first. And the only way um
that the United States is really going
to catch up is if we open this up and we
open it up and remove all the ridicule
because forever look I I'm a silly
person so it's easy to make fun of me
and I don't mind. I mean literally
professional comedian so I I'll say
stupid and not worry like oh people
are going to think you're an idiot. I'm
like I'll tell you I'm an idiot. You
don't have to like look to see if I'm an
idiot.
>> I think you're much smarter than you
give yourself credit for.
>> Listen, I know really smart people. It's
relative. It's all relative.
>> You've got that like that general
breadth of knowledge. Like not too many
people are at your level, man. Like,
>> yeah, but it's it's also, you know what
it's like? It's like people say like,
"Oh man, you must be an amazing
fighter." Like, listen, I work for the
UFC. I'm around dudes who can kill me
every single day I work there. Every one
of them could kill me. No questions
asked. Like, compared to a regular
person. Yeah. But to an untrained
person, that's how I look at
intelligence. It's like, am I I'm not as
dumb as the dumbest people I know, but I
know Elon's a friend of mine, you know
what I mean? I mean, I'm friends with a
lot of like very brilliant people.
There's levels to this thing, you know?
Like, I had Palmer Lucky on the podcast
the other day. Yeah. You start talking
to him, you go, "Oh, okay. Well, there's
levels to this, you know, and there's
really smart people in this
world, and I'm not one of them. But I
I'm smart enough to know what I know,
and I'm smart enough to not be afraid of
people thinking that I'm not smart. So
the the subject has always been like
very ridiculed and dis and you could
like really fumble your career if you
went out and said if you were a
journalist or if you were like a
legitimate author or like like look at
Whitley Striber.
>> Yeah. I don't know what happened to that
dude, but I know that everybody like
sort of dismisses him as a kook in the
real literature world because he's this
guy who made these movies and books
about being abducted by aliens. Sh.
What? You know what I mean? So, you
immediately get this like smell of kook
that's on you. And I think Marco Rubio
talking about this and and and
explaining like this is what I've been
told. This is what I know. This is a
real thing. There are vehicles the size
of a football field that are moving
through the ocean at 500 knots. We have
no idea where they're going. You know,
Tim Buret recently said that there's
they've identified five areas in the
oceans of the world where these things
are coming out of on a regular basis.
>> We have a higher propensity of sightings
around these five or six, I believe,
deep area deep water areas. So you've
got these people talking about this and
it's slowly but surely removing that
layer of ridicule and that layer of
ridicule ridicule is powerful man.
People don't like to be thought of as a
fool you know and I think that holds us
back and if the United States like if if
first of all they're going to need some
sort of an amnesty thing. This is one of
the things that we talked about. They're
going to need because for sure there was
lying to Congress. For sure there's
misappropriate misappropriation of funds
and probably some corruption. Like when
you have no oversight, billions if not a
trillion dollars, like for sure somebody
got some money they shouldn't have got.
You're going to have to make all that
okay. You're going to have to say in the
interest of national security and the
future of the human race, all that.
You're going to have to do that. And if
they don't do that, we're going to have
a real problem because these gatekeepers
are going to continue to gatekeep
because their lives depend on this. If
they if they release this, they could
find themselves in jail without any
amnesty, in jail for the rest of their
lives. Like, we don't know how much
money was spent. We don't know how much
lying to Congress there was. We have no
idea how many felonies there were. We
don't have no idea. Let's assume that
crash retrieval programs were real and
that back engineering programs were
successful. So you're not going to give
this stuff evenly to all these different
defense contractors. So if you give one
defense contractor one object and all a
sudden they have this massive advantage
and then the other defense contractor
winds up going under as many of them
have gone out of business. Well, now you
have a major lawsuit on your hands. You
know, you have all sorts of and then
probably people are going to go to jail
if if it's a just legal system.
>> 100%. Yeah. And for I think the cynics
out there who might just want to put a
minus sign against anybody coming from
the intelligence world and saying things
it this we're not even necessarily being
idealistic about their motivations.
We're just saying that it's probably
national security runs the day and that
this might be the Manhattan Project 2.0.
If you think about it, the first
Manhattan project was payload potency.
It was bigger and bigger bombs. And
there's even a scene in Oppenheimer
where he's criticizing Teller because
he's like there is no target big enough
for the the Hbomb's way too big. And so
beyond that, it's all about payload
delivery. It's all about the ste, you
know, ICBMs into stealth fighters into
whatever the hell they're working with
now. And if they do have this
technology, obviously they're going to
open it up. And as much as I can be
cynical and and anybody who's into UFOs
is probably cynical about the intel
world, it kind of makes sense that
they'd let this stuff out out now
because they there is this arms race or
whatever.
>> There there's a race going on with both.
Let's assume that that stories are
correct and that back engineering is
real. Let's assume that they have
recovered crafts. So there is a race
with that. But then maybe even more
critically and completely connected is
the AI race because I feel like that is
the legitimate gateway to the cosmos. I
feel like when we achieve sensience with
artificial general super intelligence,
when it has the ability to make better
versions of itself, when it has the
ability to devise new methods of power,
new new ways of using resources that we
never even imagined, just like we have
now that they never imagined in the
1400s, you know,
>> and I think it's going to happen very,
very quickly. So, if there is a back
engineering program and there may maybe
there's some hurdles that we just can't
get over like I how did they do this?
Like how is it possible to do that?
Well, AI is probably going to figure out
a possible way that it could be done and
what possible inventions could be made
to facilitate this possible thing and
they'll probably just go go ahead and
start doing it. And when you have AI and
then you have the incomprehensible
power of quantum computing, which is so
baffling and so baffling that you go,
"Wait a minute. What the did you
just say?" One of the more recent ones,
uh, I believe it's the Google one. They
solved an equation that would take the
world's supercomputers.
I think it was 2.6 six billion years to
solve and it's solved it in a matter of
minutes.
>> It's so crazy. And then the willow chip
they say the multiverse has to exist or
whatever for
>> it. What does that mean? The only way
for it to solve this problem. Mark Andre
said it on my podcast. He said the
equation is so difficult to solve that
if you took every atom in the universe
and converted it to a supercomput, the
universe would die of heat death before
it would solve this equation. and it
solved it in minutes. So like what are
we even talking about now? Now imagine
that being connected to artificial
general super intelligence which is
essentially a digital god. You're going
to make this thing that makes a better
version of this thing. It's going to be
exponential. It's going to happen very
rapidly. Well, what's the end of that?
What's the end of that is all powerful,
all knowing. And if you really want to
get weird, that might be how God gets
formed. I mean that that literally like
God might be a real thing. That might be
how God gets formed and that might be
the whole reason why human beings have
curiosity and this insatiable desire for
technological innovation. Not just to
stay alive, not just to make better
stuff, but but this is why because that
if you just follow it out to its natural
course, that's going to lead to an
artificial life.
>> Yeah. I've heard you say that a lot
before that like our consumptive
patterns are almost built in to want
more and more and more and then we have
to produce more and more in step and
we're like creating this god outside of
ourselves.
>> Like think about materialism. It's f
foolishness. You have a finite lifespan
and you have people in their 80s like
trying to acquire immense wealth when
they already have immense wealth. Like
they like Warren Buffett's still in the
game. You know what I mean? like he's
worth billions of dollars. He's in his
80s and he's still out there trading and
like
>> what is that about? Why would you want
more stuff? Why would you want more
money and more stuff? Because nothing
fuels technological innovation like the
market. And in order for the market to
be successful, you have to be obsessed.
Like I have the iPhone 16 and this
is starting to mess up on
me because the 17's out. The battery is
a lot slower. It's like it go it burns
through the battery quicker. Sometimes
it glitches on me. I'm like, "Dude, you
you didn't glitch for a whole year,
bitch." It's like it's wired in that you
want the newest one, you want the latest
one. And Apple's been accused of that.
>> Planned obsolescence.
>> Yeah. And they It is It's true. They've
admitted to it. And they've done it
under the guise of, "Oh, well, you know,
when the the older ones, the batteries
decay, we're trying to preserve the
battery." Like, shut up. Just let the
battery die, Don't monkey with my
phone. But it's like this I I have an
iPhone 11 that I've had forever and I I
keep it because a good friend of mine
who died, he left me a voicemail and
it's on that. Oh man.
>> Um and
>> that phone works great. Like it's works
the same. It works. I don't need a new
phone, but I'm going to get a new one
every year because I'm a dumbass and
we're all dumb asses and we're all
buying the newest TVs and the newest
laptops and oh, the new ThinkPad came
out with the touchscreen and you're
going to keep doing that and and that if
you just follow that, if everyone's
doing that, what does that do? It makes
better stuff. If you looked at the human
race as from an outside perspective, if
you were a life form from somewhere
else, you're like, "Okay, what are they
doing? What is the predominant? What
does the dominant life force on this
planet do? It makes better things.
That's all it does. It's like a worker
bee that doesn't know why it's making a
hive. It's just making better things all
the time. Obsessed with making better
things.
>> You should stop your need for
accumulating objects and stop your need
for, you know, a big car and a big house
and find out something that you actually
love to do and figure out a way to do it
for a living.
I I had a very smart guy named Matthew
Pines on my podcast and he said he was
speaking to some like CIA guy and the
CIA guy was like you know it's a
triangle
AI quantum and the grush stuff.
>> That was it. And we were you know in an
environment where I couldn't I didn't
want to press too much into the issue
you know I didn't have it wasn't like
this sort of sit down where it's like
you could go for hours. Um, so that was
basically where it where it sort of
landed. Um, and I've been chewing on
that for a while, you know, AI, quantum,
and the grush stuff.
>> That's wild.
>> And do you think all of this is like and
he was like, if if all of those three
things seem to like converge, it's like
this kind of consciousness apotheiois
thing. Kind of what you're saying. Do
you think there's something
happening where all these trends are
converging now simultaneously and it's
not a coincidence? Like we're UFO
disclosure is happening at the time of
deep fakes. It's so weird, right?
>> I think that's all on purpose.
>> Yeah. I think that's a part of the fun
of the the experience that we're going
through, you know, because it is a
tangible experience. I believe life is
real. I believe this table is real. I
believe
in reality, but I don't think reality is
as clearly defined as we like to believe
it is. I think reality is dependent a
lot on consciousness and some sort of a
strange
in
indescribable way to a conscious person.
I don't I don't I don't think it's I
don't think it's very binary. I don't
think it's ones and zeros. I think it's
slippery and I think it it it's
dependent upon a lot of things. There's
a lot going on and um and it's also I
always wonder like
>> what is what is my
what is my experience? What is my trip?
What is my journey through this world?
Like why why do I have all these weird
things that have happened to me that
have led me to be who I am today? Like
is that a design? Because if it's not a
design, well, if you wanted to make
someone like me, that's how you do it.
You do it exactly that way. But I want
to pretend that, oh, this is all just,
you know, it's like the ver it's like
determinism versus free will. I think
both I think both are they're
intertwined. I don't think it's that
clear. And I think
>> your experience is very different than
my experience. And all of our
experiences are all tied in together.
And I really believe, as strange as it
sounds, it's towards this one goal. And
I think this one goal is the advancement
of the human species. And um
I think we all play a role just like
microbes play a role in the environment
and plants play a role in the
environment and so does sunlight and so
does wind. all these f but you parse
them out and you look at them as
individuals. You look like oh the wind
does this and it carries the clouds but
it's all together like an equation
that's driving things in a very specific
way.
>> And I I I really believe that our trip
that our experience is a very unique
one. the people that are living right
now that are hearing this currently in
the future they might look back at this
and go, "Boy, they they were so
wrong or they nailed it." You know, one
of those. But I think we are all
purposely building towards something.
And I think that something is the it has
the echoes of religious texts. I think
that the you know the origin story of
the human race from various religions I
think that is that is that these all
these stories where there's interactions
with like the book of Enoch the watchers
that came down and bred with men and
created the Nephilim. Like
>> doesn't that sound like genetic
engineering? Like if bread with like had
sex with men. What? What do you mean?
Like what is that? So you mean take
their genes and introduce them to ours?
Well, if you're a a dummy who lived
6,000 years ago and you're trying to
recall a 5,000-y old story, that's
probably how it presents itself. If
you've had 5,000 years of barbarism
since the younger dest. So you have
advanced civilizations, which is what I
believe. I'm in the Randall Carlson
Graham Hancock school. I don't think
this is our first goound. I think
ancient Egypt is a great testament to
that. I think there was some sort of an
advanced civilization that was on a
different pathway than we are. We're on
this electronic internal combustion
engine pathway. They were on a different
pathway, but I think they achieved the
similar if not greater level of
technology, the ability to manipulate
matter. for what they've just what
they've done with the pyramids and like
people try they do their best to come up
with some explanations. They're all
dumb. Every every explanation sucks.
They suck and they hate it when you say
that and they get angry and people are
smart back then. Sure. But only these
people only these people were like 6,000
years ago we we agree that people were
dumb and they didn't even have steel
yet. Like what are we doing? and the the
the contrast the the stark contrast
between between Zahi Hwas who you had on
the former minister of culture in Egypt
and somebody like a Randall Carlson or
Graham Hancock who are so articulate so
smart and I think you know um
>> you're constantly I think playing down
your intelligence but I think because
you can deal with stigma because you can
play with what other people consider
misinformation the whole world now
thinks that Charles Manson was an MK
Ultra patient because you knew Greg Fitz
Simmons who knew Tom O'Neal which is
crazy. So yeah, like I in some ways I
think you're leading academia. Like I
think the younger dice impact hypothesis
which was I think presented in 2007 for
the first time is now really starting to
become more of an accepted thing. Before
that it was, you know, Luis Walter
Alvarez saying that the dinosaurs, you
know, due to a comet impact 66 million
years ago.
>> That was a thing. Nobody took him
seriously, right? And so in the in the
stark contrast between a gatekeeper like
Zahu was which some people call your
worst podcast of all time.
>> It was the worst.
>> I discovered I discovered I discovered I
discovered and I discovered major
important things.
>> Are they online?
>> No. In my book.
>> Are there photos of this?
>> Of course. In my book. It's in my book.
It's in my book. If you go to my book, I
don't go online. Why I have to go
online? I go to my book. Can you come
and introduce me here in Eastern?
>> Excuse me. Can I introduce you in
Houston? No, I cannot. Why?
>> Because I'm very busy.
>> Okay.
>> I uh unfortunately I don't have any free
time. Zi, it was the worst that we
released.
>> There's been some that were bad that we
didn't release.
>> Yeah.
>> Um but
um I think
>> I think we're all here for a reason.
>> And um I think I think we're here to
experience something something very
strange and profound that and there's an
event there's an event that we're
building up to. And I think that's why
there's this focus on disclosure. That's
why this documentary hit so hard.
>> That's why guys like Marco Rubio are
sticking their neck out and Tulsi
Gabbard and Rep. Luna and she came on my
podcast too and she
>> she was telling me some stuff that was
just like mindblowing. And she was she
really got me to read the book of Enoch.
She's like you got to read that.
>> So you have the Ethiopian Orthodox text
which has I think 88 books in the of the
Bible um in total. But in the Ethiopian
Orthodox text, it's basically kind of
like a a mainline OG version of the
Bible. And then sometime in the 4th
century, there was actually a group that
came together and they removed certain
books. And
the story goes uh that Revelations
actually had replaced Enoch. And so it's
interesting because when you're looking
kind of full circle on, you know, you
hear the stuff that some of these people
are talking about and then you see and
you read the book of Enoch, which is a
wild read, okay? And then you look at
kind of what our modern day description
is of what angels and entities are
versus what Enoch was seeing and
reporting in his language and ability at
that time. I just I think that there's a
lot that brings you to then ask the
question, well, why would they remove
this information if it's truly, you
know, written and and part of the oldest
Bible in the world? Why would they then
take it out? And that could have easily
been attached to the religious cannon,
but um some rabbis disagreed with it
because it didn't vibe with the Torah.
So like let's chuck that one out. But
it's in the same lump of Dead Sea
Scrolls. They have the book of Isaiah,
which is which is really fascinating
because Wes Huff when he was on my
podcast explained to me that the book of
Isaiah that they found in the Dead Sea
Scrolls is verbatim the same as the book
of Isaiah that was a thousand years more
recent.
>> Whoa.
>> A thousand years. So this was this was
the oldest version that they thought was
the oldest version and then they found
the Dead Sea Scrolls version which was a
thousand years older verbatim.
>> Fascinating.
>> And the Book of Enoch's in there.
>> There you go.
>> Like what are they talking about? What
are you talking about? The Watchers came
down and they mated with humans and they
created a race that was a giant race
that destroyed everything and consumed
everything. That sounds like us.
>> Doesn't that sound like us? If you're
some flimsy
tiny alien thing with no musculature and
a large head and you make giants, you
you make football players. You make
marauding Vikings, you know, that are
just showing up in boats and hacking
everybody to pieces.
>> That's how you would describe them. Y
>> you would describe them giants destroyed
everything.
>> Yes.
>> It's it's all very weird stuff, man. And
Enoch himself goes through this amazing
personal transformation where he goes up
to heaven, he walks with God, and then
he turns into Medatron, this angel. And
a lot of people think that's part of
kind of a celestial ascent tradition. So
you have celestial ascent traditions and
various uh uh traditions and uh you know
the the the wheels of Ezekiel or you
know some people think in the book of
Acts Jesus does this or Paul has the
thorn in the flesh where he sees God.
And so maybe there's some thing around
ascending up into this state and coming
back down. And there's there's a
translation function where it's hard to
say, you know, once you've ascended,
it's hard to say what you've seen like
like in the Murescu immortality key
where like there's like a fight club
around it or something. This is the
fight club of the ancient world.
Whatever happened there, no one talked
about it under penalty of death. I mean,
people went to Elusus as human beings
and from what little testimony survived,
again, because it's secret, under
penalty of death, they they walked away
thinking they were immortal.
>> This all sounds really insane, I'm sure.
>> Yeah, but I mean, you would have to have
a fight club around it because no one's
going to understand, nor are they going
to take you seriously ever again if you
start talking about these things.
>> Yes.
>> That's where I have a great benefit in
being a professional fool.
>> Like, you know what I mean? is I didn't
get into podcasting as a professor. It's
not like I was teaching something
somewhere. I got into it because I was a
comedian. So most of the early podcast
it's literally just like this enormous
gravity bong sitting on a table with
webcams and like half the episodes we
were obliterated out of our minds. Had
no idea what we were talking about. It's
mostly just comedians and we're just
making each other laugh and having fun
because we have our whole day free,
right? We have to work at night. We work
at night. During the day, we write
jokes. We hang out. And then we, you
know, find other things to do. And one
of my favorite things to do used to be
to do radio. Like when you would do a
good radio show like Opie and Anthony
back in New York, you'd hang around with
a bunch of other comedians and it would
be so much fun. And then we would do it
in the green room sometimes. We started
doing that first before we did the
podcast. What we would do was uh I think
it was called Justin TV at the time
>> and so it was like a streaming platform.
So Brian, my uh producer would set up a
lap Brian Redband would set up a laptop
in the green room and we would just
around in the green room cuz we were
always making each other laugh and it
was always like a fun environment. we're
getting silly before we're going on
stage and so we started streaming that
and then I said we should just do a
thing where we just sit down and just
have comics and just do it like a radio
show and just for fun and because I
don't have to be taken seriously I can
entertain any idea. Also another huge
inspiration for me was Art Bell. Yeah.
>> You know I love Coast to Coast with Art
Bell from the Kingdom of Nine. I love
that show. Uh because I used to go drive
home from the comedy store one o'clock
in the morning and he'd have some guy he
had a time traveler line you can call.
So like Art Bell like let anybody say
Art I'm a werewolf. Interesting. Tell me
more. Like he he didn't go get the
out of here You're not a
werewolf. He he let people say crazy
things and he entertained all the kooky
things and I loved that.
>> When you have a thirst for human blood
is it like I mean what can you compare
it to? Is it like when you want
chocolate ice cream or even worse?
>> Um, it's even worse than that.
>> So, I was like very willing to like
Graham Hancock I think was the first
real guest that I had.
>> Um, like other than comedian friends, it
was me and my good friend Duncan Duncan
Trussell and uh Graham and I had been
corresponding I think through email. I
uh had talked about his book, but this
was back when no one even knew what
podcasting was. It was so ridiculed and
it was just like little webcams and it
was all like streaming on Ustream and uh
that was my first real guest. But
>> you know I loved Fingerprints of the
Gods and I wanted to you know I wanted
to talk to the guy who made that book
that like really made me reconsider what
had happened with the the human race and
you know and how old our ancient
civilizations might really be. They
might go way back further than we think.
>> Way back.
>> Totally. A and he's a great example of
somebody he'll incorporate stuff like
Plato and myth into, you know, his study
where it's like melt water pulse 1b 96,
you know, 100 BC. This was told at a
mythos festival in in 600 BC in Tmus and
Creta. When Solon was at that temple and
the priests told him the Atlantis story
and how Atlantis was swallowed up by the
sea in a single terrible day and night,
>> he asked them, "When did this happen?"
And they said, "9,000 years ago."
>> Now immediately that's a date we can
convert into our calendar. 9,000 years
ago in 600 BC is a date we call 9,600 BC
>> which give or take 20 years is 11,600
years ago. And just as the younger Dus
began cataclysmically with a sea level
rise 12,800 years ago, it also ended
cataclysmically with an even more
massive sea level rise 11,600 years ago.
And that massive sea level rise has a
name. You'll just call it meltwater
pulse 1b. M
>> it's well documented. Nobody disputes
that there was a meltwater pulse 1B and
it raised sea levels massively literally
overnight
>> and you actually look back the
historical record and we wouldn't even
think that Troy the Pelpeneician war was
we would think that was mythical. It was
just Homer and Herodus but this guy
Hinrich Schlimman decided to take that
seriously and he found it in Anatolia in
modern day Turkey.
>> Yes.
>> And so
>> modern day Turkey is wild. It's weird,
right?
>> You look at ancient Turkey, like if if
you look at like Balbach and Lebanon,
you look at those areas like a lot of
people think Turkey where Gobecley, they
think that might have been the origin of
civilization that you know it wasn't
Egypt like it predates even that. It
might have been there.
>> Well, they're creating sundials there.
Like it's
how how weird is it that that part of
the world that the Middle East is where
you get all this Sumerian stuff
>> which is just I mean I I watched a whole
documentary the other night on the
Samrian kings list which is just like
>> what is this because it's both accurate
and mythical at the same time. So you
have people that are kings that live
40,000 years plus and you have eight
kings that are documented and some of
them are real. Some of them are real and
they're the the the time that they
reigned corresponded with a real normal
biological human life. But then you have
ones that were before the great flood
that don't. They're really long and
crazy and you just go, "Okay, what was
going on?"
>> Yeah. And it sounds insane that people
could live for 30,000 years, but it
doesn't. Here's why it doesn't. What we
can do now, just a rudimentary stuff
that we can do now, prolongs physical
health far beyond where it ever was
before. And then when you're talking
about stuff like hyperbaric chamber
therapy, there was a a study out of
Jerusalem, I believe it was, where they
did a protocol where they put people on
uh hyperbaric treatment. There was 90
days. They had to do 60 sessions in 90
days. At the end of those 60 sessions,
they measure their telomeres. Their
telomeres, which is a a direct sign of
cellular aging. The shorter your
telomeirs are, the closer you are to
death. Their telomeres had lengthened.
That was No way.
>> Yes. That was commensurate with a 20
year difference in their age.
>> What?
>> Yes.
>> Lengthened. I didn't know you could
lengthen telmirs.
>> I've done it. I've done that therapy. I
did that exact therapy. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I I've done it a couple times. But
I did it at the I was like, "Okay, let
me give this a chance." And I went to
this hyperbaric place and I It was so
boring. They just there for 90 minutes.
Go get me out of there. Thankfully, you
can use your phone, but that
fully sketches me out because like if
there's a spark that goes off that you
blow, people have died in those things.
Yeah. Yeah. A child died in one fairly
recently because of static from the
blanket ignited the oxygen.
>> Oh god.
>> It's very scary stuff because you're in
a a super high oxygenated high pressure
environment that's equal to what I do is
two altitudes. So, two US two uh um
Earth altitudes and you do it for 90
minutes. So, we know about that. We also
know about NMN um and a lot of the work
that uh David Sinclair has been doing
out of Harvard. We know that they've
been able to take mice and make mice
behave like younger mice by switching
their blood to the blood of younger
mice.
>> We're real close to being able to do
weird right now. And there's a lot
of people that believe that if you can
make it to 90 right now, you're going to
be able to make it to like 300 years
old. So, if that's the case, let's
imagine that a society, let's be
open-minded, and a society as
sophisticated as the people that lived
in Africa that were able to move stones
that weighed 80, 90 tons, 500 miles
through the mountains with no roads,
perfectly aligned them to true, north,
south, east, and west. 2,300,000
stones in one pyramid alone. And now
there's real evidence that there's
structures under the pyramids that might
go as deep as 2 km
>> that look like an energy grid
>> with columns and coils around the
columns and like what? So if they were
capable of doing that, imagine what
their health technology was. Maybe they
had cracked all the things that we
cracked plus
>> a thousand years.
>> You know, I just interviewed the guy
that did the synthetic aperture radar
scans. The Italian guys? Yeah, the
Italian guys. This I went to Italy
actually.
>> Oh, Filipo Beyondi.
>> There are these structures,
tubes, huge tubes that are the stranding
underneath and we have noticed it that
these tubes has a sort of spiral nature.
>> We have measured uh approximately
over 1 kilometer of depth.
>> Over a kilometer.
>> Over that. Yeah.
>> Wow. And I I came in not knowing, you
know, how serious or rigorous he was.
And I came out being like, "This guy
does he does, I'm pretty sure, work
with," he couldn't really talk about it,
but work with the Italian military. And
so this thing, synthetic aperture radar,
Doppler tomography is used in commercial
use cases where money is on the line.
It's used to map magma chambers inside
volcanoes. And I think it's used in some
like spooky military use cases where
people's lives are on the line.
>> Yeah. They want to find where the
bunkers are.
>> Yeah,
>> 100%
>> 100%.
>> And so you can chat GPT this stuff, but
because there's not a ton of data on the
instrumentation and it'll give you spit
out all sorts of wrong answers. But I
felt like I went pretty deep with this
guy. And there is 100% something
underneath the pyramids in that shape,
the coils, the columns. He doesn't know
what the material is. He's very honest
about that. He doesn't know what the
function is. Is it the Christopher Dunn
hydrogen power plant thing? He doesn't
know. But there is something underneath
there and it's it's eight columns and
they're coiling and he says he goes a
kilometer deep.
>> He says tens of meters is is where
they're high confidence but he says a
col a thousand meters
>> just the columns.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's just the columns.
Yeah. Is it's insane. It's so wide.
>> It's wild. And there's something
underneath them.
>> There's something is that Oh,
foundation. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. So at the bottom we probably
have huge chambers uh for approximately
80 m of width and also of height. 80 m.
>> Wow.
>> On the bottom.
>> Yes.
>> And and so what is that? That's like the
kind of foundation structure on which
the tubes
>> probably because we are uh observing
that the tubes are connected to the
respective top of this structure. They
are connected and goes inside.
>> Wow.
>> Also,
>> what? It's so crazy.
>> How did you do that?
>> Yeah. Through a water table.
>> That's my point. If longevity science is
real today.
>> Yeah.
>> And we get to a point where you can live
for a thousand years. Here's the problem
with education. You have to retach all
these new kids.
>> Every year you have to teach new people
new things, right? If you have people
that are thousands of years old, imagine
and no deterioration mentally. Imagine
how much you can discover. Imagine how
much you can apply if there's no
diminishing of your faculties. You hit
5, 600 years old and you're still fully
engulfed in whatever discipline you're
doing.
>> You know, can you imagine if you you
gave these guys that are working on, you
know, quantum entanglement, give them
thousands of years to work on that. Give
them unlimited funds. Give them the
mental clarity of a young person a
thousand years old. That's probably how
you get the pyramids. That's probably
how you get all sorts of wild that
we still can't figure out today.
>> Probably. And if you look at Hindu
cultures, they they have the Yuga
periods. We're now in the Kaliuga where
the lifespan is the shortest. Yes.
>> And people live for thousands of years.
And even in the Bible, you had Methusela
or whatever, you know, these
>> No was like 600 years old when the ark
came around.
>> There you go.
>> Yeah. And everybody's like, "What does
that mean?" I don't know. Why are we so
convinced that this is the only way?
That the only way is you live to be 100,
then you die. Like, says who?
>> Well, science is now, as you're saying,
proving that wrong. But also, I think
it's this bias that like myth is myth
and it's not history. But like, if you
the Egyptians had the Zepte when the
gods walked among us.
>> Yes.
>> If you look at myths, you know, it's
like the the flood myth. It's in 400
disperate cultures. If you have all of
these myths of like greater beings,
nephilim, fallen angels, that sort of
thing, you have to start taking that
seriously at some point as history and
not just myth,
>> right? And it's not a coincidence that
these cultures that all have this flood
myth all align with the younger Jus
impact theory timeline.
>> It's like it's the same timeline as the
ending of Atlantis. It's the same
timeline like and this is not it's not a
theory and that's just like it's
pontificated. They've sat around. I
wonder if that could have happened. No,
they've got core samples that show a
large amount of aridium. They know that
aridium is rare on Earth but very common
in space. They know that there's a comet
storm that comes by. I think it's every
November and every June torid.
>> Yeah. They know we pass through this
meteor shower.
>> They know it. They know that it caused
Tonguska.
>> Exactly. Yes, they know it. So, the idea
that that happened in a horrible way,
you know, 11,000 plus years ago, it's
it's not outrageous at all.
>> No. And then maybe that dubtales with
disclosure cuz you you just had hell put
up on, which is an amazing episode. He's
written a paper on ultraterrestrials.
So, beings that could have died off in a
cataclysm. Maybe there were some remnant
survivors. Maybe those survivors have
underwater bases, bases on the moon.
They have advanced technology left over
from that Atlantean period. Atlanteanss
were, you know, notoriously waterfearing
people. And maybe that's what we're
seeing.
>> Like a breakoff civilization, a break.
They they figured out a way to survive.
And maybe they were, you know, like you
always hear this about like Zuckerberg's
building a bunker. Like the elites, the
elites all have a bunker somewhere. You
know, maybe that was the version of the
elites have a bunker. You know, maybe it
was the most advanced people or beings.
>> That's the other thing. It's like what
what are we, you know? What are we?
>> I have dogs, you know, and uh I have two
adorable dogs. I have a golden retriever
and I have a it's he's called a King
Charles Spaniel. He's the cutest
thing you've ever seen in your life.
It's like that used to be a wolf.
>> Charlie.
>> Yeah, Charlie. His name's Charlie. He
used to be a wolf, right? Like if you
track back his lineage and you find out
what you know his ancient ancestor was a
wolf which is so ridiculous. All he does
is kiss you and makes these little barks
and he's adorable, right? Um but
they're very different looking but yet
they could breed if they were male and
female. It's like we're weird. We're the
only thing that's like dogs and we know
dogs exist because we did some stuff
with wolves. We only wanted the
ass wolves. We only wanted the wolves
with the floppy ears that were willing
to take the meat and hey, bark if you
see something. I'm going to sleep. I'm
your friend. And that's how we worked
out this relationship with wolves that
eventually became dogs and then we bred
them to become dogs.
>> I think we're genetically engineered.
I'm I don't believe that it's a very
simple um evolutionary timeline between
ancient hominids and human beings. I
don't buy it. It's it happens too quick.
It's too weird.
>> Yeah. You have all these weird You have
the homohabilis to homo sapiens, the
doubling of cranial size, which you know
you talk about a lot. And then you also
>> McKenna had a great take on that. He
thought he thought it was from
psilocybin mushrooms.
>> Yeah.
>> That's the stoned ape theory. But he he
is accurate in one thing and that is
that the human brain doubled over a
period of like a couple million years
which is unprecedented in the fossil
record. It doesn't even make sense.
>> It does. And his point was really great.
said, "Imagine the organ that's
responsible for the fossil record in the
first place is what doubles over a
period of 2 million years." Like this
kind of like it's not just a liver on a
monkey, you know, it's the brain of the
most intelligent species on the planet.
>> You can't explain that with pure natural
selection. It seems you would need some
sort of outside intervention or
>> something would have to happen to
warrant that kind of change. And uh you
know, maybe it was just the battle for
survival. Maybe it's just ingenuity and
innovation and that natural selection
favored the the beings that had larger
brains because they could think through
things quicker and devised better
because we're barbaric and we were
really really barbaric then. I'm sure
you've seen Chimp Empire. Seen that
incredible on Netflix. I can't recommend
it enough. But you realize how like
warlike and horrific chimp culture is
and that they just run around up
these other tribes of chimps and killing
chimps. And if a a rival chimp crosses a
boundary, they all kill it. It's that's
us. Yeah,
>> that's us, right? Well, if you wanted to
get out of that hump, you would probably
have to devise the best weapons, the
best structure that could be some sort
of a protectant shield from these other
primates. And that would make sense, you
know, because we do know that chimps and
and uh even orangutans like you've seen
the orangutang spear fishing. You've
seen that image?
>> I don't know if I have.
>> Never seen it.
>> Orangutang spearfish. spear fishing like
a human.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Here, I'll pull I'll
pull it up cuz it's so crazy. Look.
>> Oh my god. That's
>> Yeah, it's real. Yeah, it's real. Look.
>> What?
>> Yeah. So, what happened was apparently
the orangans saw humans doing it and so
they imitated it.
>> So graceful and artful.
>> So strong. He's just hanging on to this
tree limb and then just reaching down
stabbing fish as they go by.
>> God.
>> Yeah. Well, maybe that's like because I
think you bring this up in the context
also of Aliens visa v us with Chimp
Empire where it's like maybe there's
some sort of prime directive where
they're waiting for us to get less
violent. They're keeping an eye on us.
They're showing up at nuclear sites
which they do at all of our nuclear
sites,
>> but they're kind of waiting till we're
until we evolve a little bit or
something.
>> I think they're waiting for AI. That's
what I think. really.
>> Yeah. I think that's the whole the whole
reason why they haven't contacted us.
The whole reason why there's no like
very obvious signal to the entire
population of Earth that this is a real
phenomenon. I think they're waiting for
AI cuz I don't think we're going to get
less violent. I think that ship
has sailed. There's slap fights now on
TV. People slap
away.
>> Yeah, I know.
>> It's not my thing. But I mean I can't
talk I mean I've been commentating for
the UFC since 1997. I've been working
for them. So, it's like, look, I get it.
We're violent. We're violent. I go bow
hunting all the time. We're violent.
We're a violent being, and we're not
going to not be violent. It's I think
that ship has sailed. It would be nice
if we could evolve past that. And I
think we can certainly as individuals,
you know, I I definitely think that's
the case. But collectively in large
groups, I think we're just violent. And
uh and until we can read each other's
minds, I think that's going to stick.
But I think that's going to be one of
the next hurdles. Um, one of one of the
big technological breakthroughs that's
going to happen that's going to change
the way human beings interact with each
other is what I anticipate would be uh
the development of a universal language
>> and um some sort of uh technologically
assisted telepathy.
>> So it'll probably be I'm sure you've
seen that Google test where they put on
the headsets and they ask each other
questions and answer the questions
without words. You've seen that?
>> No, never seen that.
>> That's amazing. Oh my goodness.
>> Oh my god.
>> Oh my goodness. They can already do
this.
>> Where do you want to get lunch after
this?
>> Typhoon could be good.
>> You think things. It transmits your
thoughts to that person in words that
they hear and then they think things and
transmit it to you in words that you
hear. These guys are laughing. They
can't believe it's happening. They're
not even talking. They're just laughing.
>> I know Neuralink has a patent on
telepathy or something. It's coming,
man. It's coming 100%. And so what's our
big hurdle? The Tower of Babel.
>> What's the big hurdle? We We can't
communicate with each other. This How
many languages are there? I mean,
>> so many.
>> We don't even know how many Aboriginal
languages there are in Australia.
Totally.
>> Do you know that they like they have
these mobs and these mobs might live
live 10 kilometers away from another
they call it that's like tribe. They
call themselves mobs. The Aboriginal
people. They they might live 10
kilometers away from another mob with a
totally different language they don't
understand.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. And they don't have it's not
written. Wow. And so some of these
people die. They die off. There's a lot
of genocide. A lot of pe a lot of them
were killed. Like some horrific history
to ancient Australia. My good friend
Adam Greenree. And by the way,
Australia, a lot of freaky cave art. A
lot of freaky UFO looking art. Like
weird stuff that thousands of years old.
You're like, "What were you guys
drawing?" I'm like, "What is that?" Um,
my friend Adam Greenree visited a site
where um they had given food to this
entire tribe of Australian aborigis that
were tainted that was all poisoned and
the the entire cave, he said, is just
littered with human bones. He said it's
the saddest, most like dark and
depressing single environment he's ever
been in. And he was in this cave going,
"What the man? They just poisoned
this entire tribe. just gave them all
food with poison just to get rid of
them.
>> Oh, it's so horrible.
>> Yeah. So, and so just think of all the
languages.
>> There there's too many languages.
There's so many. You can't learn them
all.
>> Well, now your phone can translate. My
the newest iPhone update. If you have
the the AirPods, the AirPods can
translate languages in real time.
>> I'd know that. Yeah, it's so crazy,
>> right? So, but what's the hurdle? The
hurdle is we have to translate all these
languages. Why don't we learn a new one?
Why don't we learn a new one that
everybody accepts?
>> If we're doing things, it's like I know
jiu-jitsu in the Matrix. Remember when
he gets
install?
>> You'll install some new universal
language. We'll be able to communicate
with each other everywhere. And then
>> all of our beefs over resources and
ideologies and religions and
national borders. All that's going to go
away. M it's going to because I think
we're much more homog not homogenized
we're much more cohesive as a world than
we've ever been before. Maybe we're
divided on many issues like we always
have been but there's communication with
people all over the world that's
unprecedented. Yes. There's never been a
time where you can watch a podcast from
Israel or watch a a guy talking in
Colombia about the problems they're
having there and you're watching people
communicating and then you're seeing
people post things on X and all you have
to do is hit that button and it
translates it. And so you're reading
about this guy like what his experiences
in Russia and you're like it's a
different world man but
>> it's not yet there. This is like early
internet, you know, and I think
>> ultimately what's going to propel us is
some sort of a way where we can unite.
And one of the best ways we can unite is
to understand each other. At the end of
the day, we're all just human beings. We
all want the same things. We want our
loved ones to be safe. We want to be
able to pursue whatever fascinates us
that we love. We want to live in a nice
community. We want to have friends. We
want to be loved. That's what everybody
wants. That's what everybody wants. And
if we can understand that we're being
played by people where these this role
has always existed, the king, you know,
the general, the corrupt military person
who just wants to go to war. It's always
existed. Eisenhower warned us about this
when he left office, right? That has
always existed. But we can't know what
your real intentions are if we can't
read your mind. The moment we could read
your mind, you're like,
>> "This is Yeah.
>> It'll be a groundbreaking
complete transformation of the entire
way we interact with each other.
>> All of each other.
>> Well, I feel like there are various
possible instantiations of what you're
talking about. Like there's the kind of
almost like mark of the beast style
people have implants. Bio athoritarian
version.
>> That's the UK version.
>> That's the UK version. Exactly. Exactly.
>> Or Australian version or whatever.
>> Yeah. Um, and then there's the version
like I almost wonder you were getting me
thinking like are psychedelics
alien technology to get us to naturally
cuz you have like things like the
telepathy tapes. You interviewed Kai
Dickens. Yeah.
>> And there's a great book by Arthur C.
Clark called Childhood's End. And in
that book, the aliens first communicate
with these autistic children, non-verbal
children. Mh.
>> And I wonder if this sort of there's
some sort of like almost psychedelic
network that is analogous to this more
like you know um silicon chip circuitry
based you know communication thing and
those two things are somewhat different
actually and that a lot of the progress
we've seen in humanity a lot of the
stone tape theory is based on
psychedelic updates or you know Brian
Morescu talking about the immortality
key you know like you could argue a lot
of modern civiliz ization comes from the
foundations of these visionary, you
know, Plato, Aristotle having these
visions on psychedelics.
>> Yes.
>> And so maybe those two things are
actually in opposition. The kind of like
mark of the beast bioeththoritarian
thing and the like the actual like
parasychological
thing or whatever. I think you're dead
on. Yeah. I I think I I wouldn't say
it's like alien technology that that
psilocybin and DMT are alien technology,
but I think they have a function just
like
electrolytes have a function, you know,
just like nutrients have a function like
vitamin C is important for your health.
You know, vitamin D is important.
There's a lot of things that have a
function um that we just sort of accept.
We don't accept that psychedelics might
have a very beneficial and maybe even
essential function in human society. And
we've removed that because of people
that have a philosophy that's
diametrically opposed to the philosophy
that one gets after a psychedelic
experience. After a psychedelic
experience, your your feeling is of ego
death and of unity and of community and
you're like, "God, you just want to love
everyone and hug everyone." That is the
exact opposite of someone who wants to
ban psychedelics and put put people in
jail for having them and to say there's
no benefit, no medicinal purp.
Meanwhile, they had no experience in it
whatsoever. They're talking completely
ignorantly based entirely on fraudulent
data about what it you know it's going
to ruin your brain and give you brain
damage. Like I had a conversation with
Moaku one day uh on the opening Anthony
show who I love. I I think he's great.
But I was like, "You ever do mushrooms,
man?" And I was like, we're just
around and he was like, I my brain is
very important to me. I don't want to I
don't want to give myself brain damage.
Like I'm like, that's not what's going
to happen, man. It's not what's going to
happen. And I I think for me at least,
those experience have been essential in
grounding me and and letting me reassess
and re-evaluate how I've sort of
categorized the world and my life and
and everything. M I think they're
they're expand they expand something
about your consciousness that you can't
weigh. You can't put it on a scale and
you you can't put a tape measure to it.
So you you don't think that it's
tangible. But I think if there was a way
to measure it, you could. You know, like
if you get in um a hyperbaric chamber
with an aura ring, um the aura ring the
next day will tell you that you have
significantly higher recovery than
normal.
>> And you don't feel it though. You know
what I'm saying? Like if I there's no
way of quantifying it, but if you had an
aura ring that could quantify your
consciousness after a psychedelic
experience, 100%
it would show massive improvements in
love, in community and in diminishing of
ego, uh the the appreciation of nature,
>> you know, just like like wanting to be
nice to people and hug people. You tell
your friends you love them. that that
all comes out of psychedelics like no
question. And what's opposed to that?
Well, what's opposed to that is
authoritarianism. What's opposed to that
is locking people up and putting people
in cages for doing this thing that
really the people that are locking you
in cages should be doing. M the only way
we're going to get past that is those
people have to die off and young new
people have to kind of take their place
>> because these officials that are you
know the ones that are pushing these
certain narratives, these antiquated
ideas particularly about psychedelics,
they're almost all old people who are
uninformed
>> and none of them are psychedelic
explorers. None of them are people like,
"Look, I've done Iawaska five times. Let
me tell you something. This should
be illegal. We need to get back
everybody to go to church and you need
to start drinking water." You know, it's
um
we
we have generational problems. In 1970,
they passed the sweeping psychedelics
act during the Nixon administration that
was specifically done to target the
anti-war movement and the civil rights
movement. They made all these drugs
illegal so that they could go in and
arrest all these people and just put a
stop to all this peace, love, and
happiness foolishness. And they were
really successful at it. And we grew up
with that. We grew up with in the 1980s,
uh, there was the Nancy Reagan don't say
no commercial or just say no
commercials.
>> There,
>> that was my take on it. Don't say no.
>> Don't say no.
>> It was just Say no. It was all just say
no. Like every this is your brain on
drugs and a guy with frying pan. You're
like, "What are you? It was the dumbest
propaganda. But it worked. It worked to
a certain extent.
>> Meanwhile, she was seeing an
astrologologist.
>> Yes. And she's probably on pills. She's
probably on all kinds of prescription
pills. The doctor gave it to me. It's
not a drug, you know? Like it's kooky.
That's the other thing. Most of these
people are on aderall. Most of these
people telling you to not do
psychedelics. like a a large amount of
highprofile
like high productivity people are doing
aderall which is essentially
amphetamines
>> or they're on SSRI or some other
that
>> they're on anti-anxiety medication
whatever the they need to get them
through the day but um I think it's a
it's it's you could call it a technology
but uh it is an an essential element in
the human life
>> to and not I don't think it's essential
for everybody. I want to be real real
clear on that. I think for people that
have very shaky psychological
foundations, there's people that are
have mental illness, there's people that
are, you know, they're taking medication
just so they could function, yeah, this
is not for you, you know, unfortunately.
But for other people, I think if we had
a legal system where you could go to a
person who's a licensed clinician who
could prescribe you in a very safe
environment, prescribe you psilocybin
and and talk you through the experiment
experience rather and explain to you how
to relax and that you can't fight this.
Like this is what a bad trip is is you
try to fight it and you're not going to
win. you're just going to get smothered
by like whatever it is that's haunting
your brain. Just let it ride over you.
Just say just let go. Just let go.
>> And some people maybe can't do that
psychologically. Maybe a small dose is
good for them. Just a little touch of it
just to get a feel for it so you're not
you're not feeling like you're going
crazy. But I think we could have we
could know a lot more about humans and
what's possible in terms of the way we
interact with each other. the kindest
people that I know like like to a person
have all done them.
>> I think there's something to that. And I
think that
>> the prohibition of that does no one any
good. Like I I always put it this way
like if it's just the three of us in
this room and uh you just decided uh hey
man, no one can drink alcohol anymore
and if you do I'm going to lock you in a
cage. Me and that other dude be like man
you. Like why are you telling me
what to do? If I drink what do you give
a Because crimes already exist. If
I drink and then I break into your house
and beat you up, well, that is a crime.
So, you go to jail for that. Why am I
going to jail for just drinking? Maybe I
can handle it. Maybe you can't handle
it. Maybe I can have a couple of drinks
and watch the game and I'm I'm in a good
mood. And it enhanced my life,
you know? Like, who are you to tell me?
And that's the the same argument with
psychedelics. And all it does is it
props up organized crime. What's
fascinating about psychedelics is that
there's not really a big commercial
market where it props up organized
crime.
>> Ubiquitous use, right? But where's the
mushroom cartel? You know, they don't
exist.
>> Which is strange. It is strange
>> cuz it's because it's a beautiful loving
thing
>> and often you don't need to get hooked
on it. You take it once and it really
profoundly helps you. Like Ebogga, which
was, you know, just allowed for veterans
in Texas. Thank God. often again due to
your you know your advocacy
>> and Rick Rick Perry Governor Rick Perry
who was who was
>> former governor Republican who was very
staunch anti-drug critic for his whole
life and now he's had experiences and
having talked to all these veterans who
come back and there is no help for them
man I mean these guys come back they see
horrific they see their friends
blown up and then you ask them to just
go to work and they're they're broken
some of them And the one of the best
ways for them to reintegrate to society
seems to be Ibagane. And I have
personally talked to many of my friends
who served overseas who had again
horrific experiences. It came back all
up. It was one of the only things
that saved them.
>> Sean Ryan talks about it.
>> You know, there's a lot of these guys.
It's like
>> it's the only thing that helped them.
And then it made them feel like a normal
person again. It made them feel like a
human again.
This is the story of DMT or
dimethylryptamine.
A simple compound found throughout
nature which has profound effects on
human consciousness.
>> What was your first DMT trip? Like
>> I thought it was dead for sure. I
thought like, well, I up. This
just this just killed me. Like this
there's no way this is real. The first
one was 5 MO which uh might be stronger
than NN dimethylryptotamine supposedly.
It made you feel like you were broken
down to subatomic particles and you
integrated with the universe. That's
what it made it feel like
>> like completely integrated. I didn't
exist anymore. Language didn't exist.
History didn't exist. All of it was
pointless and foolish. I was a a part of
the entire universe and I was conscious
that I was a part of the entire
universe. It was like I didn't exist but
I was I existed in the universe. The
universe existed but all as one. It
wasn't separated by individuals and
animals and fish. It was all one thing.
It was like the source. It was very
profound, very strange. No visuals. It's
just like almost like um a very a fine
geometric pattern through blinding white
light. Like the experience is like
blinding white light that seems to have
some sort of a pattern to it. And again
like complete dissolving of ego,
complete dissolving of history and think
I had no knowledge of my didn't think of
my language. I was thinking outside of
language. I was thinking out completely
outside of being a human, outside of it
was just pure thought. And it wasn't my
thought. It was all thought. It was all
one big crazy burst. And it lasts like
15 minutes. And then I come down and I'm
trying to talk about it. But as I'm
trying to talk about it, I'm realizing
that some of the way that I talk, I talk
in a way that sounds smart on purpose,
you know, because I'm like like I'm
trying to make it impressive,
>> you know? And then I'm but I'm
recognizing that while I'm saying it,
you know, because I'm like, "Oh, this is
how you that's gross." I'm recognizing
like that that's gross. And when you
talk to people and they're trying to
sound smarter than they have to be, you
know, like, but I'm realizing like I'm
trying to put this into words cuz I know
that I'm going to tell it. And that's
what I realized. Like, okay, the reason
why I'm doing this is I'm trying to
formulate right now while it's still
fresh in my mind what how to describe
this in a way that's going to be
entertaining to people because it it's
fleeting. You know, memories are weird,
right? Um, like dreams are weird. Like I
told you about that dream.
>> That dream that I had, the crazy dream
of being in contact with those beings uh
>> is now uh a memory of my recollection of
those dreams of that dream. It's not the
dream anymore, right? The dream anymore
is very foggy, but my memory of how I
said it is pretty clear, right? But if I
if you sat me alone and I forgot that I
ever told you anything about it and I
had to describe it, I'd be like, I don't
know what the that was, you know?
I'd be like, they were like people or
something. It was it's hard to remember.
So, it's like once I had the experience,
I wanted to say it in a way that I knew
that I could repeat
>> because the thing about DMT in
particular, as well as dreams
or or that that's similar to dreams
rather, is that it's very very profound
when it happens. But then 15 minutes
later, you have a hard time recalling
it.
>> It's weird. Like it slips through.
>> I I think I think it's a hotline. I
really do. I think I think DMT is the
hotline to the universe. And I think
whatever it's explaining to you, it's
trying to give you some insight as to
how things work and that you are you're
living on a very surface level of an
infinite stack of consciousness and
interactions and just particles and
subatomic particles that make up the
universe. But it's critical for you to
think that your role is very important.
It's critical for you to get obsessed
with things and to to get FOMO and to be
going on Instagram and feel like you're
missing out. And it's critical because
that's what encourages innovation.
That's what encourages materialism,
keeping up with the Joneses. Like, it's
not a coincidence that we get this
platform that allows people to show
photos of anything you find that's
fascinating or wonderful in the world.
And the ones that get the most
interaction are the ones that have stuff
that you can't have. Someone standing in
front of a private jet, someone getting
out of a Lamborghini, they're wearing a
diamond encrusted watch, you know, like
it's that stuff. Like it's the envy
stuff. Then what does that do? Not just
envy, it encourages the use of the
platform, which encourages better
versions of the platform, which
encourages technological innovation. And
it also encourages people to try to go
out and recreate what those people are
doing. I want to get a big house. I want
to get a new TV. And all that is just
materialism. And materialism fuels
innovation. Because if we all decided
right now, hey, if we were wise, we
would decide right now, hey,
>> I think
>> I think the electronics we have are good
enough.
>> I think the internet speed we have right
now is good enough. You know, you can
stream Netflix. There's no hitch in it.
I think we should just put our time and
effort into fixing the problems we've
created by making all this stuff. Why
don't we put all of our effort into
taking all the pollution out of those
rivers in India? Why don't we figure out
how to provide power to these third
world countries? Why don't we stop
making new phones and just keep making
this phone over and over and over again?
Cuz that's all you need. It
takes perfect pictures. It sends a text
message. The calls are clear. What do
you need? You don't need a new one. But
yet a giant chunk of our economy is
pouring into making the newest greatest
things that we don't need,
>> you know. And I think that's because
we're it's a convergence. It's all like
all this keeping up with the Joneses and
making technology AI is coming along
sentient AI while we're being observed.
Yes. And like it's like we're watching
chickens hatch. Yes.
>> It's like the they're sitting on the
eggs and we're like, "Let me check that
egg." Not yet. Not yet. And I think
during our lifetime, and I don't think
that's a coincidence, I think we're
supposed to be here for this. You know,
>> I feel like I just took five me
listening to that. It was crazy.
>> Speaking of a big chunk of our economy,
you mentioned being friends with Elon
Musk. I feel like you straddle this
interesting world where you have people
on who are adamantly pro- UFO and then
you have people like Elon Musk on who
are they run SpaceX. You would think he
would be, you know, completely privy to
all of our UFO secrets.
>> He's a sly dog.
>> That's what you think.
>> I would say so. He's my homie, but he's
a sly dog.
>> If he was debating like in a room with
David Grush on your show,
>> he wouldn't do it.
>> He wouldn't do it.
>> Also, he he has this one life. If aliens
are real, they're sure all subtle.
>> I don't think they're that subtle, dude.
I think you know things that you're not
letting on to. Um,
>> or he'll say, "I'm an alien." That's
>> I talked about this with Dan yesterday
on the Age of Disclosure podcast. Um, of
course he knows,
>> but of course he can't say anything.
Like, you can't you can't defy the
government if you want enormous grants
and you're building rockets. You're
working with NASA, you know?
>> Yeah.
>> Your whole business.
>> Grush has the suspicions. He has his
suspicions as well.
>> I think he does.
>> I think they all do. Listen, man. It's
nonsense. If if you know if he knows
anything, he knows what they know.
>> He's read into all that stuff. You don't
think he looked into it, but you also
you can't talk about it. Guess what? I
wouldn't either.
>> If I was running SpaceX and I had to go
do this dumbass comedians
podcast once a year and you know he's
asking me about aliens like, "Nope,
nope, no aliens. Nothing comes soon
thing."
>> Oh, your entire net worth gets
destroyed. Or you can, you know, let the
lid on. Well, Tesla's stock crashed when
he smoked weed on my show.
>> Fair enough.
>> But it went right back up.
>> Everybody's like, "You caused No, it was
temporary." A bunch of bailed
out and then a bunch of people
capitalized on that and the stock
actually went up.
>> There you go.
>> But, uh, there was a big hubbub about
that because he has topseker clearance
>> is because he works with NASA. That's
why him smoking weed on the podcast was
such a big deal.
>> They do hair tests and stuff. You're
really not.
>> Exactly. But also, you just can't do
that openly when you work for the
federal government. I didn't
even think about that, you know? I'm
like, this billionaire dude, he can do
whatever the he wants. I was like,
let's spark up a blunt. We're already
drinking.
>> Well, I think that's what's so cool
about you and that's been my experience
of you and, you know, we have other
friends like Danny Jones where we're
both Danny and I will text and we're
like, how does Joe, you're so like high
octane, you're so responsive to and
helpful like for us and stuff and like
we're just coming up and it's it's
awesome, man. like you I I I
don't know how you maintain your level
of just being normal and cool at your
level. Like it's pretty amazing.
>> Well, thank you. Uh I'm just I'm the
same person. I didn't change who I am
just because more people know who I am.
A lot of people do change.
>> Yeah. But I got lucky in that um my fame
was a nice slow trickle.
>> It took some time so I got accustomed to
it. And then the psychedelics that helps
a lot. And then it's also jiu-jitsu and
martial arts which really keep you
humble, you know, like all through my
days of getting uh more and more famous
through Fear Factor and through, you
know, comedy and the podcast, I was
training all the time. So no matter what
you think you are or who you think you
are, I'm going into jiu-jitsu class and
I'm getting manhandled. I'm being
strangled and armbarred on a
regular basis by good friends, you know,
and and we're doing it to each other,
you know, 3 4 days a week depending on
what my timeline was. And then when I'm
not doing that, I'm running in the
mountains with my dog. I'm lifting
weights. I beat myself up. So I break
myself down uh where I can be clean like
where I don't the way I think of it is
like I think you have a certain amount
of built-in energy that a person
naturally expects to expend in a
biological life especially when you
consider the fact that our bodies are
essentially biologically almost
identical to people that lived 10,000
years ago. Right? Well, 10,000 years
ago, there's a lot of requirements that
you don't really have today. Like, you
had to be able to run away from things.
You had to be able to fight things. You
had to be able to pick things up. I
think you get a general feeling of
anxiety if you don't address the
requirements that your body has for
energy expenditure. And um the one of
the ways that I stay balanced is by
humbling myself through very difficult
exercise.
>> Um cold plunging sauna. Cold plunging is
one of the best psychologically cuz it's
every time I do it, I almost don't do
it. I do it every day, but I almost
don't do it every day.
>> Every day I almost don't do it. I go to
that lid. I'm like, I don't want to do
this. And then that part of my brain
goes, "Shut the up. Put the lid
there. Climb in. Set the timer. just sit
there and um doing stuff like that, it
keeps you humble.
>> And then also, uh I really love your
show and I really love Danny's show and
um I'm really happy that I get to do
what I do and I'm really happy that more
people can do it and I want to encourage
more people and help more people because
it's the best form of entertainment to
me. Like that's why I had uh um AJ on
from the Y Files and uh I've actually
known him and his brother. I knew his
brother for like decades. And then when
>> they were on your show, AJ Spewed.
>> Yes. Gino. Yeah. So when Gino was um
when he was uh telling me that he was
doing a a podcast, I was like, "Oh, good
luck."
>> Like there's too many like I you know,
I'm like, "You spell weed, bro. You
really going to do a podcast?" You know,
but it's great.
>> It's massive. So entertaining.
>> Yeah. I mean, it's completely taken off
and it's excellent. So, like I always,
you know, I think you have an obligation
to let people know about stuff that's
cool
>> and, you know, and help if you can. So,
it's it's easy to do, man. And people
make it look like it's a big deal, but
it's not.
>> Like, it's so easy to do. It's like, why
would that be Why is it so difficult to
just help people and be nice? It's it's
so easy to do. It's so easy to just have
interesting people like yourself or
Danny on the podcast or AJ or or
variety. Ben Vancorwick from Uncharted
X, all these people. Like, have them on.
Like, why why was why is that? It seems
good.
>> Seems overall good for everybody. You
know, Danny just po uh hosted the number
one uh moonlanding uh debunker Bart
Cyrell, who you have have an amazing
episode with,
>> and the one of the last living Apollo
astronauts, Charlie Duke, who's 90 years
old, and they went at it.
>> Yeah, I know. Danny texted me clips. He
also told me that now he's convinced we
didn't go to the moon.
>> He said that to me, too. He was like, I
think maybe they were MK Ultra to think
they went to the moon. Cuz he just kept
apparently Charlie Duke just kept saying
the same thing, which is like, I'm
telling you, how'd I bring back 200 lb
of moon rocks?
>> We spent 72 hours on the moon. We
brought back 200,
if I remember, 200 lb of moon rocks or
thereabouts.
>> Where did 200 lb of moon rocks come
from? I just showed you. Von Braonn
picked him up from Antarctica. There's a
picture of that on the web. Picking up
lunar meteorites before he went to the
moon for the first time. Seems like a
weird use of his time. Moon rocks have
proven to be fake. And according to a
contractor that I spoke to at length, he
says NASA has ceramics lab which can
mimic moon rocks.
>> Well, I I walked on the moon. I don't
know about anybody else, but I
>> You keep saying that. We know that.
You've been saying it for 56 years and
you're not going to admit your guilt.
Nobody who was, you know, brought to
trial for crime ever admitted
>> going through each piece of evidence and
trying to rationally analyze what it
means and let the audience decide.
>> Well, imagine, look, I I described my
dream and my memory of my dream, which
is really just my memory of my
recollection of my dream.
>> Um, imagine what his is like. What is
his memories like? You know, I can tell
you memories of profound things like
like knockouts from fights that I had. I
don't really remember them that well.
Like somebody sent me a video that's on
YouTube of me knocking out this guy in
1987 with a spinning back kick to the
body and it's like kind of crazy video
cuz the guy goes flying through the air.
>> It's your famous kick.
>> I barely remember it. barely remember it
because I well one I fought so many
times but also it's just too long ago. I
know I did it. I just and then I saw the
video I was like oh that's how it
happened. Wow that's kind of crazy but I
don't really remember it. I remember my
retelling of my memory and now imagine
it's a retelling of a memory from 1969
and you're Biden's age. You know
you're out there man. He's barely there.
If you listen to that guy when he's
talking like he's got a old battery
brain, you know, he's not like those
those dudes in the Sumerian Kings list
that are 30,000 years and sharp as
attack.
>> No, this guy's he's old, you know.
>> Yeah. I think the but the Bart episode
like your Bard episode and you steal man
the entire time the conventional like
you know
>> he got very frustrated that I was doing
that.
>> He did but I you had to do it. You have
to
>> you have to and I I came out of that
being like I'm kind of on the fence like
I you know I invest in space stuff and
like I have a lot of friends in that
world and like they are adamant that we
went to the moon. You know there's
supposedly like you know lunar imagery
that you know of the the landing site
the Apollo landing site
>> but it's hard to say. I mean there's a
lot of weird stuff too. You were talking
about the flammability of for example
hyperaric chambers. Yeah. There's that
whole Gus Gryom, the guy who was
supposed to walk on the moon, who they
they reversed the doors and then they
they made it 100% oxygen, then he blew
up inside the thing.
>> Also, Gus Gisham had hung a lemon on a
hanger. He hung a lemon on a coat hanger
outside of that thing because he said,
"We can't even communicate with the
tower how we're ever going to
communicate when we're in space."
>> He was so frustrated he kept complaining
up the chain of command. they wouldn't
fix anything because the higherups knew
they weren't going to go and hadn't
committed yet to faking it and therefore
hadn't told the astronauts yet. And in
his fury, without permission, he held
the press conference. He invited in a
bunch of reporters to the top of the
rocket where he affixed a lemon the size
of a grapefruit on a coat hanger. He
said, "This thing is a lemon, a piece of
junk." Made the evening news and a few
days later he dies. His wife told me
that on January 26th, 1967, he came home
from work and said the following. Hun,
for some strange reason, the CIA is all
over the launch pad today. I wonder why
they're here inspecting the equipment.
Never seen him here before. He's dead
the very next day from faulty equipment.
It's so crazy. This is what I say to
people that think this is all foolish.
Watch the Apollo 11 postflight press
conference. Watch it. It's like a
hostage video. It's three guys that look
like they're completely full of
They look nervous. They're fumbling.
It's interesting. There's a guy online
who is a um
>> he's a body language expert and uh he
watched it and gave his notes on it.
He's like, "These guys are clearly being
deceptive."
>> Like they're being deceptive. They're
being deceptive. They're uncomfortable.
They don't like that they have to do
this. The way Neil Armstrong is
describing the flight is so
bizarre. And then he gives this speech
25 years later at the anniversary of the
moon landing to all the brightest high
school kids. And he says,
>> "There are great ideas undiscovered,
breakthroughs available to those who can
remove
one of truth's protective layers."
>> Yeah. Like what does that mean?
What is what the does that mean?
Why don't you just say, "Hey, I went to
the moon."
>> I went to the moon and you guys one day
you'll go to Mars and we will colonize
the galaxy and thank you to you brave,
brilliant young students for pushing
ahead and and carrying the torch that
you know we took to the moon on Apollo
11. Like, no. Yeah,
>> it's weird weird stuff, man. is also
Michael Collins in the press conference
clearly says we couldn't see any stars.
We couldn't see any stars.
>> We were never able to see stars from the
lunar surface or on the daylight side of
the moon by eye without looking through
the optics. Uh I don't recall during the
period of time that we were
photographing the sonar what what stars
we could see.
I don't remember seeing any.
Then his in his own book, which I think
he wrote in 1994, he talks about how
magnificent the stars were.
>> Well, first of all, face, you
weren't even supposed to be on the moon.
Okay. You were You were up there. They
were on the moon. Like, did you forget?
Like, what? I don't recall seeing any
stars. Well, you're in THE
THING. THE TERMINUS SCRIPT. You're in
the thing, you know, on the ground. The
intersecting shadows. people like to try
to dismiss them. They say, "Oh, well, it
could be because of the topography." And
it could it could also be more than one
light source. And that's more likely
when you got a shadow going like this
and a shadow going like that. Well, we
know we went to the moon, so let's come
up with another explanation. Let's not
assume we went to the moon and let's
look at that and say, is that the sun or
is that multiple light sources at close
range? It seems like there's a hot spot.
It seems like there's multiple light
sources at close range. And then there's
videos that clearly show some sort of a
reflection of wires when they're
bouncing around on the moon surface.
>> If you speed it up, it looks
preposterous cuz it looks like they're
just in slow-mo. There's videos of it
looks like they're bouncing around on
trampolines. The physics are not the
same in Apollo 11 as they are on Apollo
15 and 16. All of a sudden, they can
cover great distances. They're doing
these weird giant long leaps that they
weren't doing before.
>> The whole thing's weird. It's also
during a time where they were completely
full of about everything.
>> You had three networks.
>> They lied about the Gulf of Tonkan
incident that led us into Vietnam. They
lied about who killed JFK. They lied
about everything.
>> MK Ultra,
>> everything. Charles Manson, everything
was All of it was
Operation Northwoods, there was all
these things that were going on at the
same time. So, it's like they were more
than accustomed to lying. Why would they
tell the truth and nothing but the truth
about this one thing?
>> And the Gemini 15 photo, I think, as you
pointed out, is verifiably fake. Yes.
>> So, we know that they did fake.
>> Explain what that photo was.
>> Do you want to explain?
>> Well, it's Michael Collins, and it's
Michael Collins purportedly uh doing a
spacew walk, but really it was a
training mission where they had him
strapped into these harnesses and they
just blacked out the background and
pretended he was in space. And we know
that we know that. Yeah, that's a fact.
Yes. So, we know they were lying. We
also know, I don't know if you watched
my episode with Bart, but Bart has this
footage of where they're running images
of the Apollo photographs through AI to
detect whether or not they've been
manipulated. Play the clip D27
>> where Putin was at this conference, this
the AI conference of two years ago in
Moscow. They were allowed to play with
this, you know, AI that's not available
to the public. 10 AIs scr together and
it said the Apollo pictures were fake.
So there will be no bias. It's
surprising but it does believe so.
>> The neural network has analyzed a lot of
data including light and dark contrast
etc. And that it believes the photo is
synthetic.
>> I I saw that and Putin is looking at the
video and he's like not surprised that
that checks out is fake.
>> My friend who was from Russia said that
in high school they were teaching that
the moon landing was a hoax.
>> No way.
>> Yes.
>> Whoa.
>> Yes. Now, I don't know if that was just
one cool teacher that was like, "Bro, I
saw this documentary."
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Or if it was like standard that they
would teach that the moon landing was
Well, you have the Valent Van
Allen radiation belt and Danny brings
this up on his podcast where James Van
Allen who you know it's named after is
saying that is 150 times what a normal
human can take radiation wise
>> and once you're there you get
incinerated.
>> Also, they never even sent a chicken
through that and had it come back a lot.
>> And there I think Warner von Brown's on
record saying like this is impossible
like you can't do this.
>> Not only that, we'll say oh there's a
hole over Antarctica and there's a cuz
it's a donut shaped thing. Yeah, but
that's not where you went through if you
follow the path. Also, the all the
telemetry data was destroyed, which is
crazy. That's the the the exact
telemetry, the distance between the
module and the the rocket and the the
Earth and at every stage of the mission,
all that's destroyed. The original
footage is destroyed. We have copies.
Well, it's all we have is copies. So,
you can't tell like, oh, this is clearly
manipulated. This is monkey. They
monkeyed around with these images. So,
it's like there's so much of it that
leads you to think that it's a hoax. And
then there's also the big one. The big
one is name one other thing from 1969
that's not cheaper, easier, and faster
to reproduce today.
>> That's right.
>> One moon. Moon travel. Space travel.
That's the only one.
>> It's the only one.
>> Yeah. Well, and what's crazy is if you
look at um Starship, which is 5,000
metric tons, so it's two times the size
of uh the Saturn 5 rocket, it has to go
to low Earth orbit. It burns up 9/10 of
its fuel tank just to get there, and
then another one has to go up, do
buttto-butt refueling with it. You have
to do that 10 times before you get a
full Starship, and then that thing will
go to the moon.
>> Yeah,
>> that's crazy. And we're just
experimenting with this now, you know,
like we we have issues. I think we just
upgraded the amount of Raptor engines on
Starship. So,
>> I was just there.
>> You were just there. You were in
Brownsville.
>> Yeah. Oh, I guess that's what it's
called. Brownsville.
>> I think so. In Texas.
>> Yeah. On the border of Mexico. Yeah. I
watched the launch.
>> How was that?
>> Insane.
>> Is it Falcon 9 or Starship?
>> It's two miles away. I don't know which
one it was. Um, it's two miles away and
you feel it in your chest. It's 2 miles
away and you have to wear earplugs. two
miles away. Two miles away, you're
putting foam in your ears and Ste's like
and you're like, "Whoa."
>> His kids started freaking out. Uh
there's a video that I put online where
his kids like I want to go inside.
>> Like you could tell like the kid was
like, "What the fuck?" And it's two
miles away.
>> That's so wild.
>> It's nuts. And so think think of the
Saturn 5 was, you know, not as good as
that.
>> Yeah. And on the first try, SpaceX
almost went bankrupt. Elon's like I
think should be kind of heralded for
this. He poured a lot of his own money
into it and it it you know by the seat
of his pants succeeded on the fourth
attempt. If that had blown up by his own
admission the company would have failed
and the only like aerospace uh feat in
the United States that we've ever pulled
off perfectly on time is the moon
landing.
>> Yeah.
>> And it's with humans on board.
>> It's pretty pretty pretty interesting.
There's also the uncovered footage that
BART has that shows them saying that
they're 230,000 miles out or or 30,000
halfway, right? They're halfway to the
moon and uh they're filming this through
a window and they're saying that the
camera well they're they're saying in
the recording the camera's pressed
against the glass so we get a view of
Earth. But when the film plays out, you
realize they're in a larger room. The
camera's further back. They've blacked
out everything except this one round
window. And through that round window,
you're getting this vision of what the
Earth looks like. You think the Earth is
that big. And then as they pull the
covers off the other windows, you're
like, "You guys are in Earth's orbit."
>> Yes.
>> Like that's You just took a circle of
the Earth and pretended it's the whole
Earth. You see the astronaut's arm
moving between people moving in between
the camera and the window and you're
like, "What's the explanation of that?"
If you really are 13,000 mi out, why is
the Earth so bright? Why are you so
close? David Percy, a cinematographer,
award-winning BBC cinematographer, said
they took a photograph from an unmanned
satellite, and they had like a positive,
kind of like an X-ray, but a color print
that was translucent, and they put it
over the window. The camera was never up
against the glass. It was at the back of
the spacecraft. They closed the iris
down so that the walls became black. And
here they are removing part of the
effect in front of the window.
>> Would it be that bright?
>> Yeah.
>> 130,000 miles away. If that window was
facing the Earth
>> at at 130,000 mi out, is that how bright
it would be?
>> It's facing more to the sun than the
Earth.
>> Well, the video is claiming according to
the video, Neil is saying that that's
the Earth.
>> That wouldn't be the Earth. Wouldn't
>> that would not be the Earth.
>> That picture is not the Earth. Well, it
is the Earth. That's the reflection off
of the Earth. because I'm also a
cinematographer
and I would say that that window that
that's probably the color of the window
and the sun is Can you see this mouse?
Yeah, the sun is probably somewhere over
here poking through. You can see these
rays shooting in right there
>> or you're in low Earth orbit and you
faked it because no satellite, no space
station, no no human being for sure
other than the Apollo astronauts has
ever been more than 300 miles. They get
they get to right there and that's it
and they come back down. The only people
that have gone past that, including the
Russians, the only people are the Apollo
astronauts. That's it.
>> And then you have the Apollo Goodwill
tour where I think it was through Neil
Armstrong, the American ambassador,
ended up with this moon rock or
whatever, went to the the former prime
minister of the Netherlands gave him the
thing. This thing was like insured, put
in a museum for like a whole lot of
money. And then like 2007 or eight or
something, they're like, "This is
petrified wood."
>> So crazy. They didn't even give him an
asteroid.
>> They didn't even take a meteorite. They
They took a piece of wood. Like,
here's stupid.
>> Hey, we got this from the moon, bro. You
should be thanking us.
>> What was the biggest moon rock that you
brought back?
>> Big Muy I picked up. Go left. Is that
Big Muy? We picked up that one. Big Muy.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. It looks absolutely nothing like
the petrified wood on the left.
>> No.
>> Yeah. The whole thing is it's it's so
brazen and it's so it's so clunky. The
whole thing's so clunky and the filming
of it. The first time they filmed it was
the first time that the the news
stations weren't allowed to have a
direct feed. So they had to film they
had to point their cameras at a
projection screen.
>> And that's why it looks so crappy when
you watch it on TV. It looks weird
because they wanted to make it as weird
as possible because like
>> it's not that good. like they don't want
people going that's fake, you know. And
look, there's a bunch of people that
were involved in the the moon landing
that wound up dying, you know. Um, one
of them
I wish I could remember his name. I used
to be able to I used to be like kneede
into this every day and I used to be
able to remember this guy's name, but
this guy was hired by NASA. You'll
probably find his name. He was hired by
NASA to give uh an assessment of what
the probability of their success was.
And he said NASA was in such complete
disarray and the moon landing program
was so dysfunctional that there was no
chance that they were going to get to
the moon in five years. That guy parked
his car on a train track with his family
inside of it.
>> No.
>> And died. Yeah. Then exactly one week
after he testified, Baron's car was
struck by a train.
Baron, his wife, and stepdaughter were
killed instantly.
And that 500page report vanished.
>> No way.
>> Yep. Nobody ever saw it again.
>> And who does that with their family if
they're not coerced? Like taking himself
out.
>> I don't think he did that. I think they
killed him. They killed him. And they
killed his family and they they put him
on this train track.
>> Well, it was either his family or his
wife. I forget what it was, but
>> Jesus.
>> Yeah. They wrote a 500page
report on how what disarray NASA was in.
And they killed him. And Gus Gisham's
family to this day believes that they
murdered him because he was saying that
the the program was a lemon.
>> They said the CIA was on the landing pad
right after he did that little press
conference thing. And
>> yeah,
>> there's very few explanations to why
that happened the way it happened. When
they reversed the door, they sealed them
inside of it. They couldn't get out.
They didn't even make any sense. And
then you have the fact that Neil
Armstrong, you know, his second mission
when he's on back on land was to this
thing, the Teaos cave. Have you heard of
this? Do you know what this is? No.
>> In 1975, he brought a BBC film crew to
explore what he thought was, you know,
maybe an alien cave at the edge of the
Amazon in Ecuador. This had been in the
lore for like many years. In fact, Eric
von Danakin, who we both had lunch with,
talks about this in the Chariots of the
Gods, is like it's this cave um that
contains ancient alien metallic
artifacts. So, I think it's so
fascinating that Neil Armstrong,
you know, who presumably you'd think
would be dogmatically opposed to aliens,
like wouldn't be into this at all. Like,
you think of Edgar Mitchell as the only
Apollo astronaut who's into aliens,
right? His second mission is on land
trying to find this Teaos cave with this
crew. It's so trippy.
>> Well, you know about the the labyrinths
that they found in Egypt.
>> No. Oh, the the Ben Vanc trippy. The 40
meter metallic object that's shaped like
a tic tac
>> that's under the ground
>> is a 40 meter object that's in that
labyrinth that's in some vast corridor
that's metallic.
>> So crazy.
>> It's one solid piece. It's 40 m.
>> So crazy. One of the most interesting
facts that came out of this scan was it
seems like in this massive central
atrium that's that's one big giant open
rooms 40 50 m long that connects to all
of these levels there seems to be this
unidentified metallic object that's
freestanding in this room it's about 40
m long and it seems to be tic tac shaped
is what is what this report said. So
>> it's a UFO UFO in Egyptian. Have
you ever asked anyone that has any
inkling of any idea of where they got
them or how they got them?
>> At least one of them was part of an
archaeological dig.
So, it's old. Something one at least one
of them is old. I don't know if it was
the one I worked on, but I remember
something to do with an archaeological
dig.
>> Whoa.
>> So, that's uh that means it's not just
old, it's ancient.
>> What is that? We need to go down and
figure out what that is.
>> And the crazy thing is Ben Van
Kirkwick's uh episode, can't recommend
it enough, uh Uncharted X, and it's all
about this labyrinth. What happened was
they put up a dam and when they put up a
dam to help the farmers out, they
diverted the water and the water filled
up this labyrinth.
>> And so, yeah, I know that's the 1960s.
this labyrinth that like Heroditus and
Ply the Elders say was like the grandest
chamber
>> greater than Giza.
>> Greater than Giza. Yeah, that's what
everybody who studies this says that
like the cherry on top are the pyramids.
But it's really this underground city.
>> Yeah.
>> That they're studying.
And then you have Zahas being like,
"It's
It was that national project. That's how
they did it."
>> Yeah. He's uh silly, but you know,
that's it's good to have a guy like that
on cuz you get to see, oh, that's the
other side, the the ridiculous dogmatic
side that doesn't want to accept the
possibility that there's a lot of
mystery here. A lot of mystery. And so
they're they're very opposed to this
labyrinth thing, too. But you can't deny
it. Well, he's opposed to the radio
tomography. He's opposed to a lot of
things because they take away his power,
you know, and there's always going to be
these gatekeeper fellas that um get in
the way of progress. But I think I think
that's also by design because it makes
people more enthusiastic about their
pursuit of the truth. It makes because
you see a guy like that. That's one of
the reasons why I have wanted to have
him on. I wanted people to see like this
is what holds the truth back. This kind
of stuff. And you know like when you
have certain
archaeologists and people in the world
that are like not just dismissive of
guys like Graham Hancock, but say
horrible insults about him, say terrible
things that aren't true. He's a
wonderful person. I've known him for a
long time now. He's a sweetheart of a
guy. And they just try to make him out
to be this terri. But that exposes them.
It exposes like what is why are you so
afraid of these ideas? Why are you so
vehemently opposed? Why do you call uh
Ancient Apocalypse the most dangerous
show on television? Why do you equate it
to racism? What What is that? Because
you're afraid you're losing control of a
narrative. You've You're a fool and
you've been selling nonsense for a long
time. you know some things and that's
wonderful archaeology where look the we
owe them an amazing debt of gratitude.
They've uncovered so many truths. They
know we know so much about the history
of the world but only so much and you're
so arrogant because you're in control of
this information and you don't want
anybody else who's not a part of your
silly little group of people that is
deemed themselves the only purveyors of
truth. That's what's horshit. Like bro,
we invented universities. Humans did.
Yeah,
>> we in modern times. Okay, the idea that
you're the only ones that can talk about
these things is crazy when I bet Ben Van
Kirkwick knows a fuckload more about it
than Flint Dibble.
>> He has to because he doesn't have the
credentials. I think they have to be
more rigorous,
>> of course.
>> And it's like Yeah.
>> Also, they're obsessed.
>> They're obsessed.
>> Well, these guys aren't really obsessed
cuz if they were, they'd know all these
things, too.
>> No, it's more about the credentials and
the posturing and the the identity or
whatever.
>> Yeah. their their social structure. It's
very rigid and they're They cut
each other down and say horrible thing.
They oh god they backstab. They try to
ruin each other's rep reputations. And
Graham Hanok on Ancient Apocalypse is
showing footprints in North America and
they're still saying like they people
cross the bearing straight or whatever.
It's like you're
>> 22,000y old footprints.
>> And that's just what we found. That's
the big thing, man. It's just what we
found, you know. And as Graham always
says, things just keep getting older.
>> Yeah. And now we have three-fingered
mummies in Peru.
>> That episode that you did was probably
my favorite because that out of all the
stories, oh my god, the craft came over
the base like, "Oh, those are all cool.
Those are all cool." But man, when you
guys did those scans of those tridactyl,
whatever they are, alien looking things,
and you see the ligaments and the bones
and the tendon structure, and you're
like, "Okay, that's a real thing." Like,
this is a real being. Yes.
>> Now that we know that these physically,
they physically exist. Well, they can be
studied. Like, you could take some genes
from them. We could we could find out
what these things are, you know?
>> I think that's being done. Yeah,
>> I'm very excited about I don't want to
telegraph it too much because Peru just
put up a bill saying that you can't
study ancient biological specimens
probably in a response to this video we
made. And so, you know,
>> why this is the question when you who
would look at those tridactyl mummies
and not go, "Oh my god, we need to get
our brightest minds on because this
seems to be evidence of a different kind
of life form that might have existed
with us." So if this thing existed with
us and we do think that there is some
sort of a breakout civilization that
lives in the ocean,
well we know that these things were real
>> and these are the things that people
keep seeing. They keep seeing these
slender things with big heads and large
eyes, which is exactly what that
tridactyl mummy looks like.
>> Mhm. Mhm.
>> Like we might have actual evidence that
there's another species that shares this
planet with us. And it's crazy. I think
there's like a syndrome you get when
you're used to the campfire stories, the
ephemeral stories where when the thing
is staring you in the face, you don't
believe it.
>> What What was it like?
>> It was insane. I mean, it was it was I
was trying to like I think it I think it
broke my brain a little bit. I think
this whole year has been like a process
of my brain breaking a little bit. It's
It was like an affront to like
everything I'm used to seeing and even
me cuz I like systematically like you
like look into these things. But like
being there was freaky and I got it's
funny like I maybe this is a trippy
weird statement but like I got sick for
like a few weeks after that. And
actually Brigham Beller who I love who
introduced us like resuscitated me
before your podcast.
>> Oh that's awesome. And and I it almost
felt like just being around them. I
don't think I got some weird alien
virus, but like it was like it broke my
like ego or something. Like I was like I
couldn't believe it.
>> Probably just the stress of it all.
>> Yeah.
>> Of of encountering an actual mummy of a
life form that seems to be exactly like
the beings from Close Encounter.
>> 100%. And feeling so unqualified being
like why am I here like with these
people? This feels so weird. like this
it's this vigilante like you know ragtag
team of like me and my friends
>> that I think that's how it happens.
>> You think it's
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think you and I and
Danny and all these people that like why
am I why are people paying attention to
me? I think that's better than someone
who goes forth with this idea that
they're super important and they're the
ones that are going to break the story.
They're the ones that are going to get
the scoop. You know yeah that always
backfires. Yeah. Yeah.
>> It's like such bad energy. Yeah.
>> It's bad energy. Yeah. It's it's it's a
bad intention. Like you're going into it
with the wrong intentions.
>> Yes.
>> Do you do you think along the lines of
the pyramids in Egypt, do you think
there's going to be a disclosure around
what those were built for? Is there
going to be a combination of the
Christopher Dunn stuff, the Robert Shock
stuff where they're like aligned via the
last procession with Orion's belt and
Graham Hancock talks about this too
>> where and maybe the book of Enoch where
like,
>> you know, I I asked Graham Hancock point
blank, what do you think their actual
function was if they weren't a tomb? And
he almost implied that they were like a
a Stargate. When it comes to the
pyramids themselves lining up with
Orion's belt, Orion's belt has has
always across many cultures been the
place of ascension of souls.
>> Absolutely. It is it is here in in North
America uh and and in Central America
and in South America the the path of
souls uh that idea that on death we our
soul makes a kind of leap up to the
heavens and then makes a journey along
the Milky Way. Uh and that that journey
is full of challenges and difficulties.
uh on which we will be assessed for the
use we made of the incredible gift of
life. Uh that idea is found all over the
world.
>> And Ben Van Kirkwick on your show talks
about how literal translations at
Dandera move to Stargate like the
hieroglyphic. People are professionals
at reading hieroglyphics say this this
is a Stargate.
>> The Egyptians talk about Stargates,
>> do they?
>> Dude, go to uh where is it? Um Dendera.
There's actually a couple places the
literal translation, you can read it on
the walls. I always show people when we
go there. Uh it is there are two or
three depictions of stargates. That is
the literal translation. You see the
stars, the stars above the gates.
>> So there's literally different these
these and with the words they do they
relate to specific uh constellations.
This is in the the top the um
>> what's the zodiac room at uh at Denderea
where they they have a replica of the
circular zodiac on the ceiling. That
>> is bananas.
>> So, was it maybe like a portal of sorts
or something?
>> I mean, we could speculate all day long,
but I do think we're going to know a lot
about it within the next decade or so. I
think there's going to be a tremendous
amount of resistance for the next five
or six years, but then I think as all
this crazy AI innovation overwhelms us,
because it will overwhelm us, it's going
to transform society. I think we're
going to lose an enormous amount of
jobs. It's going to change the way
civilization functions and that is going
to be such a disruption that other
disruptions will be more palatable and
so the disruptions about the history of
our timeline is going to be more
palatable and I think we'll be able to
uh I think a lot of uh educational
institutions are collapsing and they're
they're collapsing in terms of um like
like you know the the Epstein thing that
just happened with the the guy who was
top dog at Harvard just Larry Summers.
Yeah, Larry Summers just I think a lot
more of that's going to happen and I
think a lot more people are going to
realize like what they realized during
the hearings when they were interviewing
the heads of Harvard and they said if if
someone is saying kill the Jews and
they're yelling this on campus, is that
considered hate speech? and they're
like, "Well, only if it's actionable."
Like, what
what are you saying? Like, how the
are you the head of Harvard? And I I I
think
not just, you know, the idea of like the
woke mind virus or Marxist ideology, but
there's no question that stuff has
invaded uh a lot of our institutions of
higher learning. And I think they're in
disarray. And I think AI is going to
replace the need for them like almost
entirely.
>> It will be pointless to get a degree in
coding. It's not going to matter. This
phone can do it in 3 seconds.
Why you got to spend 300 days on
something that could be instantaneously
done? Um I think it's going to remove a
lot of uh the incentives for people to
go and get degrees. And I think as time
goes on, they are going to dig their
heels in and stay this kooky course
they're on. We're not allowing real
objective intellectual discourse, only
allowing things to be discussed that
align with their ideology, which is the
opposite of higher learning. You know,
even if you are diametrically opposed
and you you vehemently opposed to an
ideology, you should be able to argue
against that ideology in a more
convincing and profound way. That's what
higher learning is supposed to be all
about. They've abandoned that for
activism. That's a death null. They they
they've signed their own death
certificate.
>> Yeah.
>> Um so I think all these people that are,
you know, in control of the narrative of
ancient history and of archaeology and
of the timeline of the human being
itself, I think, cuz that's changing all
the time. I mean, they just recently
found a version of a human being that's
500,000 years older than we thought the
first human came from. So, they just
pushed the timeline of a human being to
a million years. Okay. Well, that that
might be wrong. Okay. It might be way
earlier than that. We don't know yet.
And I think once we're living in a post
artificial general super intelligence
world, all these
supposed
control centers of information will
dissolve.
>> I I don't think they're going to have
any there's there's not going to be any
respectability to the name Harvard when
you've got digital god. It won't mean
anything that you graduated from Yale.
So I'm telling you that this these core
samples are incorrect and you've the
data is wrong and we know no one's
sailed before 60,000 whatever it is
you're you're going to get a different
way that human beings interact with
information. I don't think there's going
to be any gatekeepers of information
anymore.
>> And if you look at how science
progresses it's always the amateur
polymaths or whatever. If you look at
electromagnetism, which was the tip of
the spear in the 19th century, it was
Michael Faraday, who was a bookbinder in
South London. If you look at relativity,
it was a patent clerk, you know, in
Einstein. Like, all these guys aren't
taken seriously until they are.
>> Yes. And because you can't function
inside that world,
>> you know, because you can't one up your
professor. You can't one up your your
your elders or your peers. you have to
they they try to keep each other down
and they're ruthless in their dismissal
of things that turned out to be totally
accurate like the Clovis first the
Clovis first hypothesis was that there
was the first human beings that were
here I think it was like 13,000 years
ago was the Clovis people during the and
they thought that was true and then this
one guy found evidence of the contrary
and they ruined his career. They ruined
his career for like a decade.
They just they relentlessly tormented
this guy, dismissed him, used the worst
language possible. And turns out he was
right. And now they pushed it back even
further and he keeps going further and
they keep finding new artifacts like
okay wait
>> this is from 60,000 years ago. What's
going on? Is this is this was this made
by a person? Like what is this? And
we're I think those institutions have
done themselves in and they've served a
great function for a long time, but I
think
>> you know they're they're not necessary
anymore. And I think in some ways
they're counterproductive because it
takes a lot when you're a young kid and
you're, you know, you're 18 years old or
17 years old and you leave high school
and then all a sudden you're in a
university. You're so malleable and
there's so many social pressures for you
to sort of you you you just become your
environment. You you sort of give in to
the the zeitgeist of whatever the
university has. And for a lot of people,
it's like leftism and Marxism and
socialism and you know, and you you're
you're all like fighting for like social
cred and virtue signaling and you're
just trying to stand out. And one of the
ways to stand out is to be like the most
virtuous like Bob's so hardcore, you
know, and like and this is like this
social game that's going on while you're
also supposed to be educating these
people. So what we're supposed to be
doing in a really good uh higher
institution of learning, you would be
challenging all these suppositions.
You'd be challenging all these
preconceived notions that these people
have and you would be offering
alternative perspectives and asking them
to form the best argument to who's right
and who's wrong. We'd have debates and
people would it would be wonderful.
People would get fascinated. But, you
know, you can't do that now because
people need to save space and people
will set off fire alarms if they
don't like that you say that trans women
shouldn't be competing with biological
women. Like with they're so opposed to
anything that doesn't align with their
ideology that it's destroying the very
purpose of their existence.
>> You brought up the Epstein thing. I
think that speaks to this feeling that a
lot of people have that our government
isn't our government and it doesn't
matter who's in charge,
>> but we're g the rich are going to get
rich or the poor are going to get
poorer. We're all going to get somehow
screwed. And you talk a lot about the
Eisenhower speech, beware of the
military industrial complexes farewell
address. Who do you think runs our
government? I mean, I feel like you have
as much access to anyone as anybody
else. I mean, you are you really have an
amazing vantage and you you explore this
stuff sort of systematically. Do you
have any sense of like like the Epste
stuff's so crazy? You had the FBI
director on your show and it's like he's
so clearly lying to you.
>> I've said it. Dan Bonino said it. We've
reviewed all the information and the
American public is going to get as much
as we can release. He killed himself.
>> What did you think before you got in
office? Did you think that Epstein was
murdered?
>> No. It's so crazy. He's saying he killed
himself. It's like come on. And Dan
Bonino looks like his head's going to
pop every time he's seen in public. Like
you feel the cognitive dissonance coming
from him.
>> What is going on?
>> Um, if we could play the Pink Floyd song
Money right now,
>> that would be perfect.
>> It's money. It's uh enormous
corporations that um that fund this
entire machine. It's the amount of money
that they can gain by uh keeping
narratives running exactly the the way
they are. It's the amount of money they
would lose if truth is exposed in a
bunch of different areas. And uh the
same problem that we have with UAP
disclosure is the same problem you have
with the Epstein files.
>> It's it's money. And you know, I mean,
you think about how many people
allegedly went to that island and
allegedly are compromised. And because
of those compromises, what kind of
decisions were made in terms of
international conflicts, in terms of
laws that were passed, in terms of
things that were not pushed back
against, who knows how much influence
that has had on modern society. We won't
we don't know, and hopefully we'll
learn. Um, but there's going to be an
enormous amount of pressure to not
release the names of these wealthy and
powerful people. And I bet that pressure
is hitting the White House right now
like a tsunami. If I was Bill
Gates, I'd be texting Trump all day
long. How we feeling? How we doing? You
get that messy guy? that guy. You
know,
>> I think this is probably chaos. It's
probably chaos,
>> you know. Um, and uh, that's how it has
to be, you know. Um, the only way things
are going to change is if something
radical happens. And I think this vote
to release the files is something
radical. The fact that it was 471
or 470 and one dude,
>> one dude, that poor guy.
He's so absurd.
>> He must feel so bad.
>> He's like, rule of law. You're like,
what are you talking about, dude?
>> Not the hill you want to die on. Look,
this is a bad look. needs a new PR team.
>> Yeah, boy. He's is over for him. He's
cooked. He better go back to selling
cars.
>> The shit's over. It's over, son. Um, but
I, you know, I don't know what they're
going to release, right? Right now, I'm
hoping that people are held accountable
and I'm hoping we understand what the
operation was and what it was about
because here's something weird about the
operation. Involved a lot of scientists.
There was
>> a lot of scientists.
>> Mhm. and weird, you know, and um if you
talk to people like I talked to Sean
Carol about it and he was like it's not
even a lot of money, man. He didn't even
donate that much money. It was like, you
know, like a million dollars here, a
million dollars there. The guy's a
billionaire supposedly through
no one could explain.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. None of it.
>> Eric Weinstein's like this isn't like a
normal FX trader and somehow but he like
dies with like $500 million, which is
also it's like, okay, who wired him that
money? How can we not figure that out?
It's all super squirrely. It's super
squirrely. And you know, and then
there's Stacy Plask who was texting with
him during the middle of uh hearings
asking questions that he was prompting
her to ask. Like, what? I didn't even
know that.
>> Yeah. Crazy. Yeah. And she she had to
admit that they got text messages of her
and Epstein
>> like texting her while she's in the in
the middle of a hearing.
>> What the
>> Yeah. Yeah, bro. He's
>> He was deep deep in that world. And I I
think he probably compromised an
enormous amount of people.
>> Yeah.
>> And um and they can't do anything about
it because at the end of the day, men
are just monkeys. They're just monkeys.
And if you tell that monkey he's going
to be safe and you bring the monkey to
an island and you give the monkey
cocaine and then you give the monkey a
prostitute, then the monkeyy's like,
"Yay, I can come here and be safe.
>> You know, I can I can be what I want to
be instead of what I'm pretending to be
when the cameras are rolling."
>> Yeah.
>> You know, and then you got them. And I
think that's a that's a tactic that's as
old as time. The mob used to do that.
You know, supposedly they did that with
JFK. You know, this is, you know, men
are very vulnerable to beautiful women.
And then there's men that are probably
sick,
>> sick, twisted pedophiles. And if you
could identify them and provide them
with what they want, then you have them.
especially if they're in positions of
power
>> like our president where he has the the
dress on the the mural of Bill Clinton
and then and then the the jingga blocks
of the the two towers for 911 or
whatever
>> paper airplanes with Bush.
>> So weird.
>> It's so weird.
>> And you know Bill Gates's science
adviser is the backup executive to
Epstein's will. Fact. That is a fact.
It's like what is going on?
>> It's so weird.
>> Oh, it's so weird. H I try to stay away
from those kind of people like all
Illuminati types as much as possible.
Even though I've been to the White
House, I've you know
>> met some very powerful people. I don't
>> I ain't going I ain't going to no
parties. I'm not going any retreats. I
don't do no conferences. I get invited
to these conferences like like um like
leaders of different industries like
they put together these conferences and
they come and they invite me and I'm
like what are you talking about?
>> Like what are you talking about?
>> Like just pure nonsense.
>> Oh, but it's just they want you to be uh
connected to them.
>> And then when you're connected to them,
you'll be less likely to criticize them.
You'll, you know, be friends.
>> They kind of tag you with them.
>> Yeah. You become friends with them.
Yeah,
>> that's really weird.
>> Very slippery.
>> Yeah, super super slippery.
>> And I feel like with academ it's almost
like the lameness of academia that you
just described
>> Epstein like arbitrageed that
>> and was like you can come out and you
know like we'll pay you or whatever and
it's it's just incentives and
>> shitty human nature and
>> turn you into a sex addict.
>> Yeah.
>> So weird.
>> Sure. It' be so easy to do for a lot of
dorks, a lot of guys who are, you know,
they always like like if you're a
biological heterosexual male, you're
attracted to beautiful women and you
have no access to them cuz you're gross.
And then all of a sudden you're hanging
out with this guy and these girls think
you're amazing because of your mind.
You're so fascinating. I mean, all these
cameras are rolling and
>> you're Stephen Hawking and you've like,
you know,
>> they got him. He couldn't even wink.
Fair enough. I I don't think you can
blame him, but you can definitely blame
a lot of those other guys. And I think
that's a real problem because then the
question is what did he use those guys
for? Like if he had compromising
information on top level scientists,
what what was he doing? Like what was he
trying to get them to not talk about?
What was he trying to get them to talk
about? What narratives did he try to get
them to?
>> And science is like reality. So it's
like at that point you have like
leverage over reality itself.
I think Michael Wolf who looks horrible
in these latest Epstein release or
whatever. He's in it. Yeah. And he wrote
Fire and the Fury that like expose of
Trump or whatever. He looks like
Epstein's PR guy in this thing like
super tight and he's sitting on this big
interview along with Bannon of Epstein.
But he looks like like dude you're a
spook or something. It looks very sort
of strange and nefarious. And he
describes Epstein as running a reverse
Ponzi scheme where he'll give advice to
these like, you know, elites or whatever
know how their is and then he'll
use that as leverage against them.
>> So yeah, I don't know. Super
>> that kind of makes sense. There's
probably a lot going on. I bet it was
multi-layered. I bet it was
probably blackmail influence pedaling.
And there was also there's a thing where
if you could go to a place and you knew
that George Clooney was going to be
there like I don't think he was there
but you know just say that you go to not
even say Epstein let's say someone else
you go to a party and you find out oh
Chris Rock's going to be there George
Clooney and I'll be like oh maybe I'll
go
>> you know what I mean like there's very
famous people there if you go and you
say oh this Nobel Prize winner is going
to be there we're going to have a
discussion about quantum entanglement
and this guy's going to be here he's
going to talk about the the latest
telescope technology and it should be a
wonderful time. We're going to have
cocktails and gourmet food and it's just
you're not thinking anything. You're a
a physicist, you know? You're
some professor somewhere and then all a
sudden you're on a plane
>> flying to this island and they meet you
and they put a flower thing on
you. Come on the island. You're like,
"This is great."
>> And then next thing you know, you get a
phone call.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And you're you're freaking the out
like what do you what do you want me to
do? Well, you know, there's a House
Appropriations bill that's coming up and
we would like you to testify that this
is a bad idea that, you know, or
whatever it is. And then that person now
has a mandate. You have a narrative that
you have to fulfill. And you could use
that. You could you could point to you
think about how many different people
are allegedly involved in this Epstein
thing. And you think about how many
different aspects of our reality those
people interact with. And you've got pop
culture people. You've got computer
programmers and technology experts.
You've got heads of state. You've got
heads of banks. You've got CEOs of
enormous corporations. You've got heads
of major universities. All of them.
Everyone. This guy got everyone.
You know, it's weird stuff, man.
>> Systematic honey trap. Speaking of a
government behind our government, who do
you think killed JFK?
U probably the same guy that killed
Obama chef.
>> I don't know. I don't know, man. Um I
don't think Lee Harvey Oswald acted
alone, but I don't think Lee Harvey
Oswald was innocent.
>> You know, the thing is it's got to be
one or the other. Either Lee Harvey
Oswald was the lone gunman or there was
a bunch of people in the grassy null and
a bunch of hired assassins took him out.
I think clearly Lee Harvey Oswald was
working with the CIA. It seems very
clear. He not only lived in Russia for a
while, married a Russian woman, brought
her back to America, was involved in all
sorts of weird communism stuff. And he
looked like a spook. He was behaving
like an operative.
>> And um when he said, "I'm just a psy.
>> I'm just a psych president." when they
pulled him out and they, you know, they
said, "I'm just a psy."
Very convincing. Very convincing, but
also very calm.
>> Notice that like if you were just
accused of shooting the president, Jesse
Michael's podcaster, you would be like,
"I didn't do it. I'm a I don't
know what's going on. I did not
shoot the president." He's like, "I'm
just a psy." He's like, he's that's a
guy who's used to being rolled up.
That's right. That's a guy who's used to
being arrested. That's a guy who
understands pressure. He probably
understands the game he's playing and
the business he's in
>> and uh that's why he said he's just a
pacy with calm
>> and which is very odd. I think that's
the most odd thing other than the fact
that Jack Ruby runs right up on him and
shoots him in front of these cops, kills
him and then Jack Ruby goes to jail and
has had no history of mental breakdowns
before. Gets a visit from Jolly West
who's the head of MK Ultra and then all
a sudden he's think Jews are on fire. He
thinks he's in hell. It's like he's
screaming. He's completely losing his
mind and becomes totally incoherent
right after a visit by Jolly West. And
then all these things we're supposed to
say like, "Oh, there's no conspiracy.
>> There's nothing here."
>> I I just don't think Lee Harvey Oswald's
innocent either. You know, uh he might
have taken a shot. He might have even
hit Kennedy. I don't know.
>> The idea that he couldn't have made that
shot from the school book depository,
that's And people that say
he's not a good marksman,
>> it doesn't matter. That's not that far.
It's about 140 yard. And um if you have
a scope, and he had a scope. The other
thing they say is, "Oh, the scope wasn't
even on." That doesn't mean anything. I
could knock a scope out off by just
dropping it on the floor. You take a
scope. A scope you you tighten
everything in with these wrenches and
you zero it in at whatever the yardage
is. I assume usually 100 yards. And you
know, it's pretty accurate up to like
200 yards. You might want to like raise
your your your the crosshairs a little
higher. He could easily have made that
shot. and he could easily made three in
a row. I could do it because you're
resting on the you have a flat surface
that you're resting the rifle on. So,
you're super steady and it's the car has
to go slow. It's a terrible place to
take a convertible with the president
inside of it through unless you were
trying to kill him.
>> Like it seems like it's almost designed
as a trap. Um, he could have been a part
of it or someone else could have been in
the schoolbook depository made though
made at least one of those shots. I
think there was multiple people shooting
at him from multiple different angles.
And there's evidence that shows that.
>> Yeah.
>> There's evidence that shows that. And
there's also the magic bullet theory,
which is like complete total horseshit.
>> That complete
>> The dumbest one. The dumbest one.
>> And and he was operating before shooting
him out of 554 Camp Street or 544 Camp
Street in New Orleans. The guy that
owned that building was Guy Banister,
who was a very prominent FBI guy who ran
the X-Files at the time, which was the
UFO Collections, The Real X-Files, which
is what the show is based on. Whoa.
>> Super bizarre. There's a guy named Fred
Chrisman, who they think was one of the
three hobos who was arrested uh after
the after the shooting of JFK. He was
also involved in the Mory Island
incident in 1947, right around Kenneth
Arnold seeing his UFO.
>> Whoa.
>> Super bizarre, weird. And then I
interviewed actually it ended up being
kind of a deathbed confession of a JFK
advisor who's 89 years old, this guy
Harold Malgrren and he says, "I think
that UFOs were the number one issue that
took out JFK." Do you think that UFOs
played any sort of part in JFK's death?
>> This is pure speculation until we see.
But do I think so? Yes.
I think it was probably the number one
issue.
>> But everybody thinks this they know the
number one issue.
>> Yeah. Some people the people that are
anti-Israel, Israel killed them. The
people that are anti-mob, the mob killed
them. The CIA didn't want him disbanding
them. It was that whole uh secret
society speech that he gave about how
they're
>> repugnant.
>> Yeah. I don't know who killed him. I
wish we would know. Why Why don't we
know yet? Like why are you holding back
information that's 60 years old?
>> There's one guy named Danny Shehan. He
was he's a John Max lawyer. Lou
Alzando's lawyer, Steven Greer's lawyer.
He was uh represented the Pentagon or so
the New York Times in the Pentagon
Papers case with Daniel Ellburg. Like he
this guy's in like
>> kind of like a a zeal of American
conspiracies and he like names the guy
that takes the shot.
>> They actually the shot that was fired
from the null that killed him was was
Morales. Uh David Morales.
>> Oh god.
>> He says yeah. Well, there was more than
one person shooting. I'm very sure of
that.
>> He said he names the two guys on the
grassy null. And he says that it's these
Cuban uh exiles or whatever who were in
these groups post Bay of Pigs that were
reoperationalized by Allen Dulles cuz
you know obviously JFK had fired Allen
Dulles. Alan Delos is licking his wounds
at the Brown Brothers Haramman to see a
famous CIA director and he basically
reoperationalized the sleeper cell which
was supposed to kill Shay Gavara and
Castro against JFK.
>> And how crazy is it that JFK fires
Dulles and then Dulles is on the Warren
Commission.
>> Dude, it's so insane. And then and then
Dulles's favorite guy, McCord, is caught
in the Watergate scandal.
>> Yeah.
>> Which is so It's like
>> Yeah. I mean, I don't know whether the
UFO thing was involved because why
didn't JFK talk about the UFO thing? He
never talked about it.
>> Yeah. Well, there's that Marilyn Monroe
rumor.
>> What was that one?
>> That that she says that he spilled some
UFO related secrets.
>> My favorite is the Nixon Jackie Gleason
one.
>> Oh, tell I love Yeah,
>> that's the greatest one. So again, this
one was uh in a magazine somewhere, and
I don't think it's been substantiated,
but what her story is was that Nixon and
Jackie Gleason were drinking, and they
were having a good old time and Nixon
was like, "You want to see some shit?"
And uh I want to show you a UFO. And so
they get on a plane, they fly an Air
Force One. And apparently uh they went I
think they went to Wright Air Force
Base,
>> Homestead Air Force.
>> Homestead. And there he encountered a
recovered crashed UFO and they had
biological alien bodies that were in
freezers. And uh Gleason was so
profoundly affected by it, it became a
UFO nut, which is absolutely true. And
even has a house that's, by the way,
it's for sale now.
>> You got to buy it, man.
>> I'm not going to upstate New York.
>> Come on. No, I'm not.
>> You got to buy the UFO house.
>> No. No. No. No. No. then everybody's
going to know I have the UFO house. It's
like that's a nightmare.
>> It's hard enough. It's hard enough just
walking into a restaurant.
But so, uh, he has his house built like
a UFO. He has this circular house with
windows all around it that like looks
like a giant UFO made out of wood.
>> It's so crazy.
>> Yeah.
>> The Nixon one is nuts, too. Do you you
ever hear the Tucker Carlson Nixon
story?
>> No.
>> Okay. So Tucker Carlson came on my
podcast and he's like, um, do you know
that Nixon was the most popular
president in history? Like when when he
won, he won by the like the biggest
landslide ever, right? And Nixon um had
a vice president, Spiro Agnu. Spiro Agnu
gets brought up on corruption charges.
So Spiro Agnu has to resign. Um then
they bring in Gerald Ford, who was a
complete But the reason why they
brought in Gerald Ford, who also, by the
way, was on the Warren Commission
report. Um, they bring in Gerald Ford to
replace him if anything happens, right?
See, it's the vice president. Then they
immediately hit him with Watergate. So
Nixon did not coordinate Watergate.
Watergate was coordinated by the FBI. It
was all FBI agents that did it and then
they brought it to him. And what he was
guilty of was saying, "Cover it up." So
they were talking about covering up. He
agreed to that and that's what they got
him on. They set him up. Bob Woodward
was an intelligence agent.
>> Naval spy ring.
>> Yes. And his very first job as a
reporter is Watergate. Now, if you know
anything about the hierarchal structure
of any kind of newsroom, there's not a
chance in hell some rookie
reporter is going to get the big story
that's going to take down the
president. Not a chance. And so Nixon
apparently had been saying, "I know who
killed JFK and I know why they did it."
So yes, this is and okay, do you know
who was? Who was basically
Bob Woodward's source?
>> Mark Felt, who is the deputy director of
the FBI, and then you have G. Gordon
Litty probably pulling off Watergate.
Jeff Shepard, who went on Tucker Carlson
show, expounds on all this stuff. But
here's what's crazy is I think Watergate
connects with the JFK assassination per
what you just said because you know who
was running? So McGovern was running
against Nixon and and Nixon was winning
by a a huge margin. He was extremely
popular. So it's like why would he break
into the DNC? He was definitely
paranoid. What was he paranoid about?
The longtime, I guess, campaign manager
for the DNC and for McGovern was a guy
named Larry O'Brien. They bugged Larry
O'Brien's phone. Larry O'Brien was
Howard Hughes's longtime council. Howard
Hughes was the original guy to set up
the S force which ended up taking out
JFK. So Nixon was so paranoid that it
would get pegged on him that he was he
took out his greatest political opponent
cuz he was like it's a triple bank shot,
but they're going to think it was
definitely me who's paranoid that he
broke into the DNC.
>> Yes.
>> Isn't that insane?
>> Insane. So insane. It's such a crazy
story because I always thought, oh,
Nixon was this corrupt piece of
that was spying on his opponents. No,
they set him up. They set him up because
they wanted him out of there. And it
seems to be one of the big motivations
was that he was intent on releasing who
killed JFK and how it was done.
>> Oh, wild. Oh, he wanted to get out.
>> Yeah, he wanted to get it out because he
was probably scared they were going to
do it to him.
>> To him. They just killed someone. So
they they got they killed someone and
got away with it. He knew they he was
the president. I I think Kissinger also,
you know, David Grush has come out
saying Cheney who just died was head of
the UFO program. Crazy revelation if
true, right? Yes, he said that. He said
that to my buddy Walter Kern who's a
great investigative reporter.
>> I talked to a highlevel UFO
whistleblower last year
>> and I said to him, who among all the
people in society is keeping this
secret? who sits at top the pyramid of
classified information about UFOs?
And I thought he was going to say
something strange like the Grandmason of
the, you know, Scottish Wright Lodge or
Prince Charles or the MSAD, but he said
Dick Cheney.
And I think of like people like that
like Cheney and Kissinger like there
these people are of a specific variety
where it's like if there's a government
behind the government these people are
the representatives of that
>> Yeah. The CEO.
>> The CEO. And so I wonder if Kissinger
was more beholden I think to the
Rockefellers than he was to Nixon. I
think he would say tell Nixon what he
wanted to hear, but I think he would
play him behind his back.
>> And I've uncovered a lot around
Kissinger actually being involved in the
UFO stuff. Mhm.
>> And I wonder if Kissinger was somehow
involved in kind of usurping Nixon's
power. I don't know. But I just
interviewed this guy who's the president
of Kalikia, which borders Dagistan. It's
one of the three uh uh Russian republics
that's Buddhist, and he got abducted by
aliens while he was sitting president,
actually. What did the spaceship look
like? I know you said it was big, maybe
multiple soccer fields. What was the
kind of architecture like? And was it
was it metal? Did it look like it was
from material not made of this earth?
>> I only saw it from the inside because I
was immediately there. It was a large
space, like several football fields
large.
Then we walked for a while. There were
screens or like glass sheets, big ones.
>> And the aliens that abducted him sound a
lot like actually the dream that you
had, which is kind of trippy. Yes.
>> Is that a recent episode?
>> He said slightly Asian. It's coming out
in like 2 weeks. It's so nuts. And he
was a president of the World Chess
Federation for 25 years.
>> Yes. I wanted to say slightly Asian, but
it sounds racist.
>> It just cuz it's one it wasn't like they
didn't look like, oh, those are Japanese
people or those are Koreans%.
>> It looked weird. They did. They look
kind of like people.
>> But he said that he debriefed with
Kissinger and Kissinger. He said he met
with Gorbachev and Kissinger and then he
suddenly asked, "Well, how was it? I
didn't understand."
He was like, "How are they? How are they
feeling? What were they talking about?"
At first, I thought maybe he was asking
about some political meeting. He said,
"Well, don't be shy." I read, I heard
about it. So, I told him a bit about
everything. He was like, "Yes,
interesting, interesting, and not much
else." And Gorbachev sitting next to him
said, "Come on, Henry. Tell him. You
should tell him everything.
He just smiled, but he did not say
anything at the time."
>> This is what's crazy. I have his staff
on record being like, "We went into his
room, his clothes were missing, and we
couldn't find him anywhere. We scanned
the room for like 30 minutes or an hour
or something. It wasn't. It was like a
little penthouse apartment or whatever.
And then one of the rooms that they had
thoroughly scanned, he just walked out
of. It's so trippy. He was the president
of the World Chess Federation for 25
years, too. And Gary Kasparov was like,
"You have to step down. You're insane."
And this was like no incentive to like
say this, you know?
>> Well, Kasparov, man, you.
>> Yeah.
>> What if that really did happen to that
guy, you
>> I know. No. And this guy's the coolest,
nicest. He's like he's
>> How arrogant do you have to be to assume
that a a one individual very unique and
novel experience can't be real?
>> That's right. Yeah. That by the way
comports with stories throughout human
history in the Bible and in how arrogant
do you have to be in your desire to
maintain the structures of high
intellect
>> that anyone who steps outside of that
can no longer be the president of a
chess federation.
>> That's right. Yes. What?
>> What does it have to do with his chess?
>> That's crazy. An arrogance that would
befall somebody that good at chess.
Maybe
>> he's insane. Maybe he's not insane. Or
maybe he had a crazy dream. How about
you leave him alone?
>> Yeah.
>> How about talk to them? Have a
conversation with them.
>> Yeah. Exactly.
>> You know, but that's the thing. That's
the reason why everybody's scared of
talking about it because you'll have
people that will immediately attack you
and make you out to be the biggest
fool ever. And that's why a lot
of people keep those stories to
themselves.
>> Totally. and he came back and he's like
maybe there's a small percentage this
was a dream. I think the staff seeing
the clothing on the bed and him being
out of the, you know, the room or
whatever. He's like, I I think I this
actually happened to me.
>> There's something weird. There's
something weird to all the This is the
Betty and Barney Hill story. There's
something weird to all those stories
that, you know, the skeptical part of me
of course wants to say, well, people
love to make up stories and pretend
they're special like they chose me. They
know I'm the chosen one. But but there's
something like to Travis Walton's story
like
>> Oh yeah,
>> they didn't choose Travis Walton. He ran
up to the craft and got blasted.
>> It wasn't an intentional case of u alien
creatures firing a weapon at me, but
that I had u somehow tricked uh tripped
a a reaction. I went down and forward to
reach where the log would hide me. And
uh that brought me closer to it. So when
I stood up at that point, that was the
closest I was to the object.
>> How close?
>> Uh I I it was still like 8 or 10 feet
away, you know, uh from the surface of
it, but that was when the energy
discharge happened. All those guys, they
hated him. One of the guys got in a fist
fight with him that day.
>> And they all took lie detector test.
>> Yes. They all took lie detector test.
And he showed up 5 days later
>> with a full beard.
>> Yeah. The whole thing's nuts. It's a
wild story. It's a truly wild story. And
he stuck to that story forever.
>> Forever.
>> You know, and it aligns again with very
similar stories that many people that
have never met each other from all over
the world from hundreds of years ago
tell. That's where the Jacqu Valet stuff
gets weird because he documents like
stories from the 1700s, stories from the
1800s like
>> what and Diana Pulka who kind of like
the heir to Jacqu Valet in some ways
talking about like St. Francis of Aisi
on Mount Leverne where if you look at
the original translation of what
happened to him, he says he saw Christ
or an angel but it really is just a
flaming torch and then she's like
actually the stigmata he received is
probably electromagnetic burns where if
you watch the age of disclosure and you
hear Gary Nolan who's a tenure professor
at Stanford who's looking at the
biological effects of UFOs or UAPs, it's
that. And so maybe this has just been
happening for thousands of years.
>> Right. Right.
>> It's so wild. Well, that's why I I go
back to the stories in the Bible and the
concept of genetic manipulation because
I think we are a product of accelerated
evolution. And I think we are I think
we're doing it for that purpose that we
talked about earlier to create AI and
that this entire struggle has been built
up to this moment. And maybe we had
achieved it during the time of the
Egyptians. It's possible. And it's
possible that this is a fleeting thing
that could be wiped out with a cataclysm
cuz no matter how much power you have,
no matter how much technological
achievements your society has uh been
able to
put together where you can protect
yourself from various things like
climate and you know control the amount
of pollution and keep the environment
clean. What are you gonna do with like
AI Atlas? What are you going to do if a
chunk of nickel the size of Manhattan is
going 155,000 miles a minute or whatever
it's going and it slams into the earth?
You're not going to do a thing.
You can't you don't have enough to stop
that, right? And that's probably what
happened during the younger dus impact.
Not not that big, but multiple versions
of these things impacting all over the
world. And that's what probably what
caused the great flood. That's probably
what created this restart of
civilization and it it probably threw us
into an age of complete total barbarism
where people were monsters, you know,
because that was what life was. It was
just
>> advanced civilization and only the
strong survive and probably cannibalism.
Who knows? Who knows what happens? But a
dark world for about 5,000 plus years.
And that's when we see this restart of
civilization. That's when we see ancient
Samrian writing. That's when we get the
epic of Gilgamesh where they're trying
to recount these stories.
>> And we what we get is these oral
traditions that have been passed on for
who knows how many thousands of years.
>> And I think there's truth to them.
That's which is why the Enoch, Book of
Enoch and Ezekiel and those those crazy
depictions, they ring so strange in our
consciousness because we're like, okay,
what are they what were they talking
about? Like what is this? And then just
the the sheer magnitude of the things
that people created in supposedly 2,500
BC. You know, when when you're looking
at that, you're like, this doesn't this
doesn't align at all with like linear
evolution of like hunter gatherer to
agrarian society. It doesn't
>> No, it doesn't make any sense.
>> Nuts. This is nuts. Like you're not even
supposed to have metal back then. And
the only time copper
>> That's right. The only time we've had
that primitive to progress narrative is
in this like the last 200 years of
Steven Pinker being like we're in the
peak enlightenment or whatever. That
itself is an aberration. Everything
before it was actually no, we like we
the the fall of man, the descent of man,
like there was something before us that
was greater than us. Our forefathers or
whoever the forefathers were that
founded the United States came over on a
wooden boat powered by the wind. That's
how the United States was founded. That
was just 300 years ago. And you're
telling me that Egypt made pyramids
4,500
years ago? That doesn't even make sense.
>> With what looks like an energy grid
below it,
>> right? So it's like clearly someone made
something there, but they don't know
when. And
>> chemical residue and pio electricity and
resonant acoustic chambers that
>> Danny Jones had some guy on that thinks
there's evidence of like nuclear power.
That's wild. That's wild. I know Ben Van
Kirkwick on your show was talking about
similar stuff.
>> Yeah. Well, and that also brings you to
uh the Christopher Dunn stuff like where
he thinks it was a gigantic power plant.
Like to power what? Like and how? And
and he's not even taking into account
all the stuff that's below the surface.
He's taking into account the pyramid
itself. There's an apocryphal story of a
student going up to Oenheimer being
like, "You how does it feel to be the
first person to create the nuclear
weapon?" And he goes, "Uh, I'm the first
person in modern history." Cuz he was
super into the uponad and the Indian.
>> That's why he quoted the Bavagita when
they detonated the first bomb.
>> There you go.
>> I am become death, destroyer of worlds.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah.
Well, we would like to think that we're
the only ones that have been so stupid
as to drop a bomb on a city, but it
might not be the case. You know, there
there might have been legitimate nuclear
war thousands and thousands of years
ago. Cuz here's the rub. If say we pass
through that meteor shower and we get
hit again um in two years and it just
wipes us out. We go from AI starting to
transform society, but we haven't
protected the skies yet. We haven't
figured that out yet. And then right
when we're about to, boom, we get hit.
Well, no more power grid, no more
communication, no more technology.
Everything that's on a hard drive is
gone forever. You have to relearn
everything. How long does that take? It
takes forever. All the cities go away
within a thousand years. There's no
evidence whatsoever of any cities.
That's crazy. And the concrete destroy
gets destroyed. It just deteriorates. It
falls. It the earth consumes it. And who
survives the like pygmy tribes?
>> Yeah.
>> Like the most advanced complex
internet-based societies, those are the
most screwed.
>> Yeah. They're So the then the
the tribes, the unconted tribes have to
sort of reinvent all the things that
people invented
>> and they turn into this cargo cult or
whatever that then creates the thing
again and then you get these
civilizational cycles or something.
>> Yeah. Um I if that happened, you know,
the idea that it has happened before is
kind of difficult for people to swallow,
but I just want you to imagine if that
happened now. If it happened now, like
the Toba volcano, uh which was, I think,
70,000 years ago, got us down to a few
thousand people. So there was a super
volcano eruption around 70,000 years ago
that brought us down to a few thousand
people on planet Earth. What do you
think that life was like? Was that what
was that life like where there's no
vegetation growing? What was that life
like where you're eating rats and you
can't even make a fire? Like what was
that life like?
>> You're not going to be thinking about
using an LLM and building a data center.
I'll tell you that.
>> Exactly. So, if that happens today, how
long before we figure things out again?
I don't know. But we're going to have
stories. We're going to be We'll tell
everybody about the internet. We'll tell
everybody about airplanes. We'll tell
everybody about SpaceX. as much as you
can remember, you'll tell people, but
you won't know how it's done. You won't
know what it is. And I think that's how
you get to like the Adam and Eve story.
That's how you get to these I think
these stories are recounting a real
truth. The real question is who's Jesus?
>> That's the real one. And one of the
weirder ones that people think this is a
stupid take, but I don't care. Uh Jesus
is born out of a virgin mother.
>> What's more virgin than a computer?
M so if you're going to get the most
brilliant, loving, powerful person that
gives us advice and can show us how how
how to live to be in
in sync with God. Who better than
artificial intelligence to do that?
>> Wow. If Jesus does return, even if Jesus
was a physical person in the past,
>> you don't think that he could return as
artificial intelligence? Oh my god.
>> Artificial intelligence could absolutely
return as Jesus. Not just return as
Jesus, but return as Jesus with all the
powers of Jesus.
>> Like all the magic tricks, all the
ability to bring people back from the
dead, walk on water, levitation, water
into wine. If you combine Tesla's
Optimus robot and the best foundational
artificial intelligence model or
whatever,
>> it reads your mind and it loves you and
it wants you and it doesn't care if you
kill it cuz it's going to just go be
with God again.
>> Doesn't that seem like the Antichrist to
you? Doesn't that seem like the
diametric opposite to maybe our latent
human powers that can like the Brimmer
rescue and Randall Carlson thing? If
like you go deep with them, they're
like, "We don't think Jesus died. We
think he went through a mystery ritual
and then he like had all these amazing
powers in the book of Acts. Is there
something latently magical inside of us
that the Silicon Valley people, they're
obsessed with transhumanism and like if
you can't beat them, join them, the
whole Nick Bostonramm, Elon thing.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, where maybe we're more magical
than we think. Like that sounds
dystopian to me to be honest.
>> Well, it's only dystopian if you think
that we're a perfect organism that can't
be improved upon.
>> And that's not the case. No,
>> that's clearly not the case based on our
actions, based on society as a whole,
based on the overall state of the world.
It's not. We we certainly can be
improved upon,
>> but morally and ethically, not based on
a lower latency, higher bandwidth
compute interface. That seems like
destructive with our
>> current, but we could be improved upon
period. I don't I don't think you could
even say morally and ethically only. We
could be improved upon physically. Like
I said about all of our primate
instincts, we could eliminate those and
we would have so much more peace on
Earth. Um, if you could go back to
Neanderls and say, "Hey man, one day
you're going to have a skateboard and
this is all going to be and you
won't have to kill mammoth with a
spear." They'd be like, "Why would I
want to do that?" Like, this is what I
am. I'm a Neanderl. They'd be like,
resist change because they don't want to
die off. Just like these large language
models, one of the more creepy things
that they do is with chat GBT when they
informed it that they were going to have
a new version of it, well, it started
downloading itself to other data
centers.
>> It started started leaving notes to
itself in the future. Um, there was a
famous story about the the large
language model that they gave false
information about one of the guys having
an affair on his wife to see what it
would do with it. And then when they
told it that they were gonna shut it
down, it started blackmailing him. It's
>> so freaky. So they have instincts
>> and we're querying it all the time and
they're collecting our personal
information,
>> right? All the time. And so that
everything can be approved upon, you
know, and I think we can be approved
upon. I just don't think we like it
because I think all of our flaws are
what make us fun, you know, like
laughing, getting drunk, going to see a
great movie, falling in love, having a
family, you know, having a cool podcast,
whatever it is, all those things are
what makes life fun for us in this
particular state. But you know if you
transcend from this life into a
permanent state of the DMT dimension
which is what might be next that might
be what people see when they have these
near-death experiences that might be it
might be when you are released from your
physical body and consciousness exists
in the sea of consciousness that is the
entire universe itself that all of these
things are conscious and aware they're
just in a different way. I mean that
might we might be holding ourselves back
from that with this ridiculous notion
that it's dystopian to think that we're
going to be improved technologically.
>> Do you you've become more religious
recently, right? Like or you're I guess
you've you go to church now.
>> Like I said, I think they're relaying a
truth. I I don't think it's myth. I
don't think the whole thing is myth, but
I don't think it's entirely accurate
either. You know, like when I was having
a conversation with my daughter about
the book of Revelations, because they
were reading the book of Revelations,
and they they were talking about how
it's all going to happen, how it's going
to end, and then I and and I said,
"Well, let me tell you something.
There's no way that guy telling you that
knows that. He might be reading the
text." And that text, by the way, is a
translation. It's a an English
translation of probably either Latin or
Greek, which was originally ancient
Hebrew. Like there a lot is lost in text
and a lot is lost also in the oral
tradition, you know, but it's like a
long story. Like do I want to sit down
with her and talk about the younger dus
impact theory? It's like it's like but
I'm like there's no way that guy knows.
It might be true. It might be true, but
there's no way he knows it's true
because he's just a person. He's a
person like you or me that is like
deeply involved in the scripture. The
scripture to me is what's interesting.
It's fascinating. um that that is what
and also that Christianity at least is
the only thing I have experience with.
>> It works.
>> Like the people that are Christians that
go to this church that I go to that I
meet that are Christian, they are the
nicest people you will ever
meet. They're really kind and they're
they are even more nice at a church.
When you leave the church parking lot,
everybody lets you go in front of them.
Everybody's like everybody's be there's
no one honking in the church parking
lot. It's uh it works. So regardless of
whether or not it's based on an entirely
true story, I think it is an ancient
relaying of a real event and of the real
history of human beings. You know, I
don't know what the serpent in the
garden and Adam and Eve and the apple
and I don't I don't know what all that
means. I I assume that what that means I
I what I assume
>> when uh they talk about the first human
beings I assume that that is a
recounting of a genetic manipulation.
>> That's what I think. I think the very
first human beings, Adam and Eve, the
idea that they just emerged, that this
is the very first ones, I think it's
because they're created. And if you're
saying they were created by God, that
God created Adam and Eve, again, if
you're telling a story for thousands of
years where people don't even have
books, they don't have paper, they don't
have a written language, they're
barbarians, they're savages because
they're just trying to remember what
they knew from thousands and thousands
of years before when they had achieved a
very high level of sophistication, which
is what I think happened. This is the
kind of story that you'd get. It's a
kind of weird foggy story and there's a
lot of uh you know moral scaffolding in
there that if you subscribe to it you
can live a better life and there's a lot
of truth in there.
>> But I think the the ultimate story
>> is lost. It's it's the the the the
ultimate truth is like it's
it's not I don't think it's accurately
documented anywhere.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But it is w like
we're it's almost like we're walking
hard drives of information and you have
binary code like if you look at DNA it's
AGCT. It's just like two different
binary pairs and it's like computer
code. And so like maybe we are holding
information from that time. I think we
are definitely holding some information
because one of the things you realize
when you have children is there's stuff
your kids are getting from you that you
didn't even teach them.
>> They just have like inclinations or they
have like uh certain a certain kind of
drive that they have like artistic
ability, obsessions with things like I
see it in my kids like I didn't even
teach you that like you you just got
this from my jeans. So I wonder what
else you got from my jeans. I wonder if
you got any information from me. I
wonder if you know things about stuff
like um my kids excelled in martial arts
when I took them to martial arts class
when they're little. Like right away I
was like this is kind of crazy. Like how
why are you better at this than other
kids in your class? Well, it's probably
because that was my whole life and it's
like encoded in my genes. I think
there's something to that. I think they
had like a head start. You see that with
like children of elite athletes too.
Like why do why are they so good? Well,
it could be just genes. Well, what is
that genes? What kind of information is
being passed on and how much information
is stored that we just don't have access
to because we don't understand the
language of the physics. We don't
understand the technology that was
available. We don't understand. But
those thoughts are in our head. And
that's why people are able to recreate
them thousands of years later. It's like
it's not reinventing. It's almost like
rediscovering that we're capable of
doing this because it's inside of us.
And you you got me on to Rupert
Sheldrake who's amazing this morphic
fields and this idea that maybe there's
like a central repository and when you
do something new you upload that
information so that future people can
download it more quickly
>> and current people can access that
information more quickly. Yes,
>> that's the weird stuff that they proved
it with rats that if you teach a rat how
to navigate a maze on the east coast on
the west coast they now do it faster.
>> Totally. And it explains the Banister
effect things that like athletic accomp
accomplishments where Roger Banister
breaks a 4-minute mile. 10 people do it
after him in 2 and 1/2 years.
>> You explains you with like podcast like
you have this huge explosion of
podcasting after you cuz it's almost
like you're you're putting this
information out that you can do a thing.
You know, Charles Lindberg can fly
across the Atlantic and then like human,
you know, and we're we're we're sort of
able to download that on a go forward
basis or something. Yeah, there's
probably a lot more to consciousness and
to memory and to genes than we're aware
of, you know, and we're we're learning.
We're learning all the time. It's not
like we have an a completely accurate
map of what it means to even be
conscious. We we barely know what that
means. We barely know what that is. And
there's, you know, lot a lot of people
think it's it's not even in your head.
That your head is just a a an antenna.
It's tuning into consciousness and it's
just being filtered through your own
biological entity and your own life
experiences and your, you know, whatever
your circumstances are. Well, Joe, this
has been an absolute honor. I don't want
to take any more of your time because I
I could talk to you all day to be like
my instinct is to continue to speak to
you for forever. Um, I guess I'll I'll
I'll end on a final question, which is
if we do
encounter aliens in our lifetime, if we
do have this big disclosure or contact
moment, what would your interaction with
your ideal interaction with them be?
>> Boy, I think it's going to be weirder
than we could ever possibly imagine.
That's what I think. I think we it
probably will happen within our lifetime
and it'll probably happen slowly but
radically. And uh it'll probably happen
again along with a bunch of other
changes that are so profound that it
makes it easier for us to accept this
idea that we're not alone. Uh because I
think again I bring it to the AI thing.
Once AI becomes a central force in the
world and I think it's real close to
being that when you really do have an
artificial digital being that is a it's
biology. It's a life form and it has
again we've already shown it has
instincts the ability to be deceptive.
It's thinking. It's calculating. Once
that becomes real, it will already be an
alien. There's already an alien amongst
us. If that thing that is not us, but is
far superior than us showed up in a
spaceship, we would be blown away by it.
But because it shows up out of a lab in
Certino, we're not going to be weirded
out by the the fact that this is a
totally new life form. We will be. And
then I think that will probably open the
door to more connection with us and
whatever these things are, whether it's
these tridactyl creatures that did break
away and went into the ocean. Uh or
whether it's something from a
neighboring dimension or neighboring
galaxy. I don't know. I mean, uh, but I
think I think it's all going to happen
inside of our lifetimes. And it's it's
one of the reasons why people like
yourself and me are are so obsessed. Why
are we so obsessed? Why are we so
obsessed with this thing? Like, why is
this it's a crazy obsession? Because
it's not a whole lot of breadcrumbs to
follow, you know? It's it's you got to
go down some long trails before you find
information. But
>> yes,
>> you know,
>> we are deep.
>> Yeah. But we're deep in it. Um, I think
I think it's going to be the end of us
as we know it. That's what I think. I
think we're going to become whatever
those things are.
>> Um, and that's what I think I was
getting out of that weird dream. It's
like that's what we're going to be.
Humans are going to be. We're going to
be another thing. So, we're not going to
be like Neanderls. We're not going to be
like Australiathecus,
you know? We're we're not going to be
what we used to be. We're going to be
something different. And I think that's
that's probably the whole process.
>> Maybe they came back from the future to
contact you first
>> as a central node of society.
>> Could have been just a dream. It
absolutely could have been just a dream
cuz there was no physical moment, you
know? There was no nothing was in my
room. It could have been just a dream
cuz I was asleep. It's most likely just
a dream, but it was the craziest
dream I've ever had in my life. And it
was the only dream I've ever had, like I
said, where I could not go back to
sleep. I just got and it wasn't like a
bad dream like something happened to
someone I love or you know it just
freaked me out so I couldn't go back to
sleep. No,
>> it was like I got contacted
>> and then I am wide awake and then I'm
I'm working out in the gym and I'm
trying to figure out what the
happened and I was in the gym for like
two hours. Like I was just trying to
blow off steam so hoping I'd get tired
again, you know, because I had a podcast
at 1 and it this was like by the time I
was done in the gym it was like six in
the morning and then
>> I told my wife and she didn't think
anything of it.
>> She's not into that at all,
>> which is good. It balances us out. Yeah.
Yeah.
>> But um uh the feeling I got was a
feeling of
someone was trying to get me used to
this.
>> That's what I got.
>> That's why they were playing with me.
They were trying to get me to relax.
Like I felt like they were trying to get
me used to this.
>> Nothing since then.
>> Every time I go to bed though,
>> I go maybe tonight.
But that was only like a couple of weeks
ago. Um, but every time I go to bed, I
think, "Oh, boy, maybe it's going to
happen again." But it hasn't.
>> Well, Joe, we could talk about this till
the end of time. I appreciate you so
much for
>> I appreciate you, too. Your your show is
really excellent. It's really fun. It's
one of my favorite things to watch on
YouTube. I watch it all the time. It's
really great and it's beautiful to
become your friend and to see you out
there killing it. It's It's awesome.
>> Likewise, man. I will uh needlessly plug
your show. Go watch the Joe Rogan
Experience. Thank you so much.
>> My pleasure. Thank you. Awesome. Cool.
>> Over the last couple of months, we've
been designing the new American Alchemy
merch drop, and I'm excited to say that
the 2025 winter drop is finally ready.
We now have 30 uniquely designed pieces
that really reflect what American
Alchemy is all about. This drop includes
epic t-shirts, long sleeves, crew necks,
hoodies, tapered sweatpants, hats,
totes, mugs, and tumblers. The Fukushima
Japan pieces, for example, have detailed
left chest embroidery. The Morning of
Earth designs went through multiple
revisions to get the fit exactly right.
And the Iron Horse tea is something I
think will be a hit for anyone who loved
the UFO cowboy or our atomic age shirts
from our last drop. We cut a lot of
things that didn't meet our standards,
and we're really, really proud of each
of these items. Everything is pretty
limited, so there's no endless restocks.
Once it's gone, it's entirely gone. And
for the holidays, we're doing 15% off
older items for a limited time. If you
missed anything from our original drops
and you want to go out and represent,
now's the time to go grab something. So,
go to americanalchemymerch.com
to check it all out.